Go on. Father's watching. And your mother. Don't think too much, Bran. Don't look away. Father will know if you do. You did well. What is it? Now there are five. You want to hold it? Lord Stark? There are five pups. One for each of the Stark children. The direwolf is the sigil of your House. They were meant to have them. I'm not a Stark. Get on. Why's your mother so dead-set on us getting pretty for the king? Uncle Benjen! Lady Stark thought it might insult the royal family to seat a bastard in their midst. So take me with you when you go back. Father will let me if you ask him, I know he will. I'm ready to swear your oath. I don't care about that. What're you doing back there? You're Tyrion Lannister. The queen's brother? Lord Eddard Stark is my father. What the hell do you know about being a bastard? I already have one. Of course I have. We've guarded the Kingdoms for 8 000 years. Soon enough. It's good you've got help. Impressive. I have something for you. And it has to be packed very carefully. Close the door. This is no toy. Be careful you don't cut yourself. So are you. I had the blacksmith make it for you special. It won't hack a man's head off, but it can poke him full of holes if you're quick enough. You'll have to work at it every day. How does it feel? Do you like the balance? First lesson I'm going to miss you... Careful... All the best swords have names, you know. I came to say goodbye to Bran. I wish I could be here when you wake up. I'm going north with Uncle Benjen. I'm taking the black. I know we always talked about seeing the Wall together, but you'll be able to come visit me at Castle Black when you're better. I'll know my way around by then. I'll be a sworn brother of the Night's Watch. We can go out walking beyond the Wall, if you're not afraid. You Starks are hard to kill. She was very kind. It was always my color. And you, Stark. Is my mother alive? Does she know about me? Where I am, where I'm going? Does she care? Why do you read so much? Is this a trick? Until your brother killed that King. Ask me nicely and maybe I'll tell you, dwarf. The Night's Watch protects the realm from... It's an improvement. Everybody knew what this place was and no one told me. No one but you. My father knew and left me to rot here at the Wall all the same. They hate me because I'm better than they are. You're leaving? What kind of reports? m ready. I won't let you down. But I'm better than every... Don't stand so still. It's harder to hit a moving target. Except for you. You move too much. I could just hold my sword out and let you do the work for me. I'm sorry to see you leave, Lannister. Will you stop at Winterfell on your way South? If you see my brother Bran, tell him I miss him. Tell him I'd visit if I could. He'll never walk again. Farewell, My Lord. Leg, shoulder, leg. Left foot forward. Good. Now pivot as you deliver the stroke. Put all your weight behind it. Enough! He yielded. Are you sure you want to do this? I've had worse. It's not going to get any easier, you know? You'll have to defend yourself. The Wall's no place for cowards. Come stand by the fire. It's warmer. You're not. You're freezing. You can't fight. You can't see. You're afraid of heights and almost everything else probably. What are you doing here, Sam? Yes, he is. Well… You can't get any worse. Watch duty. With Sam. He wasn't hungry. That's enough. Sam's no different from the rest of us. There was no place for him in the world, so he's come here. We're not going to hurt him in the training yard anymore. Never again, no matter what Thorne says. He's our brother now and we're going to protect him. No one touches Sam. I wouldn't doubt it. Sally on the side? I didn't think you'd be so upset about it. As a matter of fact, I'm the same as you. I came very close once. I was alone in a room with a naked girl, but... I know where to put it. Young and gorgeous. A whore named Ros. Red. You don't want to know. Better. What's my name? And why is my surname Snow? I never met my mother. My father wouldn't even tell me her name. I don't know if she's living or dead. I don't know if she's a noblewoman or a fisherman's wife... Or a whore. So I sat there in the brothel as Ros took off her clothes. But I couldn't do it. Because all I could think was what if I got her pregnant and she had a child, another bastard named Snow? It's not a good life for a child. I build my own fires. Why is he alone? There's no rider. That's my Uncle Benjen's horse. I do, my lord. Yes, my lord. Will I serve the Lord Commander's meals and fetch hot water for his bath. Do you take me for a servant? May I go? I see Ser Alliser's revenge, that's all. I just, I always wanted to be a Ranger. Just these two, My Lord. Been dead awhile, I'd say. We should burn them. Is there any word of my father? My sisters were in King's Landing too. Soon, he says. This is Valyrian steel. My lord, you honor me, but l can't – Yes, my lord. l'll apologize to Ser Alliser tonight. At what? What is it? You can't what? And yet you really want to say. You want to say that… What? What about him? l should be there. l should be with him. Sam said you wanted to see me? No. He would do whatever was right, no matter what. Sam told you. And this is my day? ls that what you're saying? You do not know. No one knows. l may be a bastard, but he is my father and Robb is my brother. Who are you? You're Aemon Targaryen. Get out of my way, Sam. Better than you do. l'm gonna find my brother and put a sword through King Joffrey's throat. Move. Hyah! Ghost? l belong with my brother. They'll kill you if they know you came after me. Go back. l have to. I don't care about – To hell with all of you. My friends brought me back. They killed my father. No. Beyond the Wall? Having a rough time of it? What happens to the boys? He marries his daughters. What does he do with his sons? We're not Southerners. Jon Snow. Lord commander. Your steward. What happens to the boys? What does he do with his sons? What're you doing? Hello, Gilly. What're you doing? I'm sorry, Sam knows we're not supposed to - What? . No it doesn't sound a bit mad, it's impossible. Sam we can't take her - It's just not possible. If it's a boy what? . You want us to risk our lives for you, and you won't even tell us why. Do what, ask her a question? Cruel! Sam are you in such a hurry to lose a hand? No you just want to steal her. What do you think Craster cuts off for that? We're heading deeper and deeper into wildling territory. We can't take a girl with us. Mormont wouldn't have it. And even if he would, what would we do with her? Who's gonna deliver her baby? You? I'm sorry Sam, we can't help her. Lord Commander- I followed him. He took the baby into the woods, the newborn. No, you don't understand. He's killing them, all the boys... You know. Offerings? He's murdering his own children. He's a monster. I... I saw it. I saw... something take that child. When will he come? My uncle told me stories about him. I heard the Halfhand spent half of last winter beyond the Wall. So it is possible for someone to survive out here on their own. I think they were afraid. I think they came here to get away from something. And I don't think it worked. One blast is for rangers returning. Wildlings is two blasts. Look. It's Qhorin Halfhand. A fire. Where? Lord Commander, I'd like to join Lord Qhorin. I've fought and killed a wight. How many rangers can say that? Ghost, stay with us. Ghost! He's not a pet. Ghost is different. I thought you said you couldn't know wild things. We could do the same. My father always said I'm of the North. I wasn't joking. I'll gladly give my life. I do. A girl. We could question her. What's your name? I'm Jon Snow. No. No, I'll do it. I'm as much a crow as they are. Can't. Someone might see the smoke. I'll find them. We'll stop here. Too dark to go any farther today. There's no shelter anywhere. No fire. Yes. We start again at first light. Get some sleep. Stop moving. Stop it! You're still moving. Let's move. I'm a man of the Night's Watch. Don't call them that. Neither. Both. Move! There are no women of the Night's Watch, no. No. Never. We swore an oath. Would you please shut up? You're a free woman? If you're my prisoner, you're not a free woman. That's what "prisoner" means. It was my choice to say the words. Of course I like girls. That's the price you pay if you want to be a man of the Night's Watch. Invade your lands? Wildlings raid our lands all the time. Some of them tried to kill my little brother, a crippled boy! My father was Ned Stark. I have the blood of the First Men. My ancestors lived here, same as yours. No. No, you serve Mance Rayder, the King beyond the Wall. Walk. I know how to do it. We're close. Nothing happened between you and me. Turn back around. What, right here in the muck? That's enough. Enough! I couldn't do it. I had the sword on her neck, I just couldn't- The others? They died because of me. They'll never trust me. What? I didn't. Careful with that. You might cut yourself. Never swung a sword before, have you? You look like a baby with a rattle. Stop! Mance was a ranger. When I'm free, will I be free to go? What happened to their fathers? My father told me big men fall just as quick as little ones if you put a sword through their hearts. Jon Snow. Your Grace. The Lord Commander sent me to the Halfhand for seasoning. He wants me to lead one day. If I'm a traitor, then you are, too. I want to be free. We stopped at Craster's Keep on the way north. I saw... I saw Craster take his own baby boy and leave it in the woods. I saw what took it. Because when I told the Lord Commander, he already knew. Thousands of years ago, the First Men battled the White Walkers and defeated them. I want to fight for the side that fights for the living. Did I come to the right place? Don't think too much, Bran. Relax your bow arm. Yes. I understand. You want to protect your people. No. What's wrong with him? It's only horses. No men. About three hundred. Do you think anyone got away? There are four to a patrol- two builders to check for structural damage, two rangers to watch for enemies. It varies. If I knew where on the Wall we were heading, I could tell you. Three. Castle Black. Eastwatch-by-the-Sea and the Shadow Tower. A thousand. What happens to your eagle after I kill you? Does he drift away like a kite with his strings cut or does he just flop dead to the ground? A thousand men. I don't need you to protect me. Give it back. Ygritte! Ygritte! Ygritte! Seven hells. Ygritte! Ygritte. We shouldn't. I don't know. I just wanted to kiss you there is all. You seemed to like it. There's been no one else. Only you. I was a man of the Night's Watch. How about you? Were you a maid? Who was he? Yeah, thanks. I think I've heard enough. We'd best get back. Tormund- You ever climbed it before? Aren't you? You kill someone for them? Can we not talk about that here? Did I seem scared the other day? Only in the beginning. What secret? I won't. Take my hand! About a week, I think. When we went to Castle Black, we took the Kingsroad. Most of the time, yes. They don't, really. It's a great honor to carry your house sigil. Usually it's the young boys banging the drums. They help the men march. Well, it's- it's the rhythm. No. No, you're just gonna light the biggest fire the North has ever seen to let them know you're coming. I know you cut me loose on the Wall. And are you gonna share it with me? The deep wisdom you found inside the head of a bird? You're gonna scare it off. It's too far away. It's a windmill. Just the men who used to live here. Winterfell has towers three times that size. If you're impressed by a windmill, you'd be swooning if you saw the Great Keep at Winterfell. Fainting. When a girl sees blood and collapses. Well not all girls are like you. I'd like to see you in a silk dress. So I could tear it off you. Maybe one day I'll take you to Winterfell. Ygritte. You won't win. I know your people are brave, no one denies that. Six times in the last thousand years, a King has attacked the kingdoms. Six times they failed. Every boy in the North knows it. We grow up learning it. Where the battles were fought, the names of the heroes, who died where. Six times you've invaded and six times you've failed. The seventh will be the same. You don't have the discipline. You don't have the training. Your army is no army. You don't know how to fight together. I do. I know it. If you attack the Wall, you'll die. All of you. Yes, first we'll live. He breeds them for the Watch. The Watch protects him. We just take the horses and go. The old man's no threat. The Watch might send a few men looking for a horse thief. They'll send a lot more to hunt down murderers. Ygritte! You were right the whole time. Ygritte, you know I didn't have a choice. You always knew who I was, what I am. I have to go home now. I know you won't hurt me. I do know some things. I know I love you. I know you love me. But I have to go home now. Pyp? Sam? Last time I saw him, he was in the courtyard at Winterfell. "He said, " Next time I see you, you'll be all in black." I was jealous of Robb my whole life. The way my father looked at him, I wanted that. He was better than me at everything... fighting and hunting and riding and girls. Gods, the girls loved him. I wanted to hate him, but I never could. He's wanted to hang me for a while. Now's his chance. I've done plenty wrong. I didn't murder him. He wanted me to kill him. The Halfhand believed our only chance to stop Mance was to get a man inside his army. Then you'd know he'd do anything to defend the Wall. The free folk would have boiled him alive, but letting me kill him... Aye, I talk like a wildling. I ate with the wildlings. I climbed the Wall with the wildlings. I... I laid with a wildling girl. I do. While we sit here debating which rules I broke, Mance Rayder marches on the Wall with an army of 100,000. 100,000. He's united the Thenns, the Hornfoots, the ice-river clans. He has giants fighting for him. Have you ever been beyond the Wall, ser? And now you're here. You must not have been very good at your job. There's a band of wildlings south of the Wall already led by Tormund Giantsbane. I killed their warg and three others. They shot me full of arrows. Their orders are to attack Castle Black from the south when Mance hits it from the north. The signal for the attack will be a bonfire. Mance said it would be the greatest fire the North has ever seen. That's the truth. All the truth. Do you intend to execute me or am I free to go? Mance Rayder is coming. If the wildlings breach the Wall, they'll roll over everything and everyone for 1,000 Miles before they reach an army that can stop them. Help him. And the mutineers stayed? We need to ride north and kill them all. It's not about justice. I told the wildlings we had over 1,000 men at Castle Black alone. Karl and the others know the truth as well as we do. How long do you think they'll keep that information to themselves when the wildlings are peeling their fingernails off? Mance has all he needs to crush us, he just doesn't know it yet. As soon as he gets his hands on them, he will. Then he'll throw his full strength at us. And even if every one of us kills 100 wildlings, there's still not a thing we can do to stop them. Bring it through! And again. Very nice. Good. A lot of wildlings fight with a weapon in each hand. First thing you want to do is disarm them to try and even the odds. Let's see what you can do. Olly, you just watch for now. Have you ever held a sword before? OLLY I was the best archer in our hamlet. You two. Take it slow, try and disarm each other. You know how to fight. You could have gone easier on him. Grenn and I were helping them. Someone has to train them. My father was highborn. My mother wasn't. Jon Snow. You fight well. She wasn't safe here. Castle Black could be next. We have orders. No one's to leave the castle. And I remember who came after me and brought me home. I know how hard it is, Sam, believe me. When you told me about Bran going beyond the Wall, all I could think about was getting my strength back so I could go and find him. How fast could they travel? A crippled boy being pulled on a sledge by a simpleton? The wildlings have joined up with Mance. Every village or sheltered place will be deserted. Except... Thank you, Ser Alliser. Ahem, brothers. I'm going beyond the Wallto Craster's Keep. I'm going to capture the mutineers holed up there or kill them. I'm asking for volunteers to come with me. There's 60 miles of wilderness between here and Craster's and Mance Rayder has an army bearing down on us, but we have to do this. Our survival may depend on us getting to these mutineers before Mance does. They know the Wall. They know our defenses. If Mance learns what they know, we're lost. But if that's not enough, then consider this. If the Night's Watch are truly brothers, then Lord Commander Mormont was our father. He lived and died for the Watch and he was betrayed by his own men. Stabbed in the back by cowards. He deserved far better. All we can give him now is justice. Who will join me? I can't let a recruit come north of the Wall. Thank you, brothers. How many? Why? Get some rest. We move at sundown. Are you all right? Come with me. Come on. We lost four brothers? I count ten dead mutineers. Where in seven hells? Come here. I missed you, boy. It's not safe for you here on your own. Mance Rayder has an army heading this way and there's worse out there than Mance. Come with us to Castle Black. We can find you work. Keep you safe. You want to stay here in Craster's Keep? Greetings. Come on, Ghost. Mance's army was closing in on Craster's Keep when we left. We saw their campfires from Osric's Hill. They'll reach the Wall before the next full moon. We need to prepare. We should seal the tunnel. Plug it with rocks and ice. Flood it and let it freeze. We wouldn't. Have you ever seen a giant, Ser Alliser? I have. They won't stop them. The stewards. No. The builders. You couldn't have known. We can't go after them, you know that. That's what they want. If they hit Mole's Town, then we're next. Mance's army must be close. She...she had red hair. Well what do you want me to say? So you and Gilly never- But if she had, you wouldo ve? You'd have broken your vows? What? I don't think Ser Alliser cares much for interpretation. It's...there's this person, this whole other person. And you're wrapped up in them and they're wrapped up in you and...you...for a little...for a little while you're more than just you, you're...well I don't know, I'm not a bleedin' poet! And what did I get for it? An arrow six inches from my heart. There will. Go get some sleep, Sam. I'll take this watch. There we go, boys. That's one. There's two. Come on, let's get the next lot. That's the last of the oil, Ser Alliser. Yes sir. It was a difficult decision either way, Ser. We can't just let them attack the gate! Those are giants riding mammoths down there. Do you think your cold, rolled steel's gonna stop them? Archers! Knock your arrows! Draw! Loose! They won't summit before dawn. Because I've made that claim. Knock! Draw! Loose! Now! to Grenn* The outer gate won't hold. Take five men, hold the inner gate. grabs Grenn's arm* Hold the gate. If they make it through... Oil! What are you doing up here? Ed. You have The Wall. If they try the mammoths again, drop fire on them. If the climbers get too high, drop the scythe on them. Two brothers now fight with me. to Sam* I don't want you out there. I need him more than I need you. No, shh, don't talk. We'll go back there. Tormund. It's over, let it end. Put him in chains. We'll question him later. Aye, you shouldo ve. For one night. Great victory? Mance was testing our defenses. He almost made it through. And he has more giants, he has more mammoths. He has a thousand times as many men. They'll hit us again tonight. Maybe we can hold them off for a day or two, but we can never beat them. I'm going to find Mance. Who's left to give orders? The Wildling army is only an army because of Mance. He united a hundred warring tribes. Without Mance they lose their leader. They lose their purpose, they go back to fighting each other, scatter back to their home. I'm going to try. He'll kill me. If I don't go he'll kill me anyway. They'll kill the rest of us too. You're right. It's a bad plan. What's your plan? They held the gate. Get some brothers down here to help you. You need to burn the bodies. Raise the outer gate, then lower it again as soon as I'm out. I promised Jeor I'd never lose it again. *he hands the sword to Sam* In case I don't come back. I've been sent to negotiate with you. The Halfhand ordered me to join your army and bring back whatever information I could to Castle Black. He made me kill him so you'd trust me. I was loyal, to him and to my Night's Watch vows. She put three arrows in me when I escaped. Yes. She's dead. No. Ygritte. That's not wine. He's dead. He killed my friend Grenn. Grenn came from a farm. Grenn and Mag. Turn your army around and go home. I told Tormund and Orell. We have more than a thousand men. No, it's like you said, we don't have the men. I was sent to discuss terms with the king beyond the wall. I know he's the king. My father died for him. My name is Jon Snow, your grace. I'm Ned Stark's son. He was, your grace. I was this man's prisoner once. He couldo ve tortured me, he couldo ve killed me, but he spared my life. I think my father wouldo ve taken him prisoner, listened to what he had to say. Your grace. If my father'd seen the things that I've seen, he'd also tell you to burn the dead before nightfall. All of them. He's sworn to treat all wounded men, friend or foe. No one's going to torture you. I don't know what happens to the prisoners. I suppose Stannis does. I don't have a king. We're gonna burn the bodies of your dead. Do you want to say any words over them? Funeral words. I don't know how the Free Folk do it. Say farewell. She told you? Get your shield up. If it wasn't heavy it wouldn't stop a sword, now get it up. Come. Try it again. Drive at me. Keep your shield up. Or I'll ring your head like a bell. Good, good, pivot! Don't forget to pivot! Shield up! You're not cold, my lady? No. Roose Bolton. I want a great many things, your grace. But I'm a sworn brother of the Night's Watch now. They're good men. It's where she belonged. They were born on the wrong side of the wall. That doesn't make them monsters. The men of the Night's Watch are sworn to play no part-- Your grace, you want the wildlings to march in your army? I don't think that's likely. I respect him. Your grace… How much time do I have? Here we are. This doesn't have to be our last meeting. You know what Stannis wants? Shouldn't a king be bold? You told me you weren't here to conquer. You told me your people have bled enough. You spent your life convincing 90 clans to come together for the first time in history. Thenns and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the giants. A life's work uniting them. You didn't do it for power. You didn't do it for glory. You brought them together to save them because none of them will survive the winter, not if they're north of the wall. Isn't their survival more important than your pride? Then bend the knee and save your people. And how many tens of thousands are out there right now? How many women? How many children? And you won't go out and rescue them because why? You're afraid of looking afraid. They'll burn you alive. And what happens to your people? You preserve your dignity and die standing, and they'll sing songs about you. “You'd rather burn than kneel. The great hero.” Until winter comes, and the white walkers come for us all, and there's no one left to sing. I think you're making a terrible mistake. With respect, Your Grace, the free folk will never follow you, no matter what you do. You're the man who burned their king alive. No. Only one of their own. The Lord Commander's niece. Bear Island knows no king but the King in the North, whose name is Stark. I apologize, Your Grace. Northerners can be a bit like the free folk. Loyal to their own. Most likely. Unpleasant, I expect. I don't doubt it, Your Grace. But I'm a brother of the Night's Watch. I've pledged them my life, my honor, my sword. I don't know what I have left to give you. I can't. Even if I wanted to, I'm a bastard. A Snow. It's the first thing I ever remember wanting. I'd daydream that my father would ask the king, and just like that I would never be the bastard of Winterfell again. I'm going to refuse him. I swore a vow to the Night's Watch. If I don't take my own word seriously, what sort of Lord of Winterfell would I be? Your Grace. Olly is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander Mormont's. I want him to attend my meetings, to learn from men with experience. One day, he might command. I have. And I thank you for it. You do me great honor. All my life I wanted to be Jon Stark. But I have to refuse you. I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. My place is here. I wish I could fight beside you. Believe me, I do. But I swore a sacred vow at the Godswood. I pledged my life to the Night's Watch. I can imagine no higher praise. May I ask, Your Grace, how long you plan to stay at Castle Black? You saved us from Mance Rayder's army. We will never forget that. But it's a question of survival. The Night's Watch can't continue to feed your men and the wildling prisoners indefinitely. Winter is coming. And the wildlings? Most of the brothers, yes. There's little love for the free folk here. . I heard it was best to keep your enemies close. I'm sorry I disappointed him. As long as he's ruling them. I've sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms. And what needs to be done? Sam. . Maester Aemon? Take good care of him. . Brothers. As you all know too well, it's long past time to dig a new latrine pit. . First Builder Yarwyck and I have decided to appoint a latrine captain to oversee this crucial task. . Brian. Seems like a good job for a ginger. Ser Alliser. . You have more experience than any other soldier at Castle Black. You proved your valour many times over, while defending the Wall from the wildling attack. I name you First Ranger. Lord Janos. I'm giving you command of Greyguard. Yes, the fort is in a sorry state. Restore it as best you can. First Builder Yarwyck can spare ten of his - You mistake me, my Lord. That was a command, not an offer. Pack your arms and armour, say your farewells, and ride for Greyguard. Are you refusing to obey my order? Take Lord Janos outside. Olly, bring me my sword. If you have any last words, my Lord, now is the time. Good. Never even heard of these people. And how many men does this Lord Mazin have to send us? Not him. He murdered my brother. How can I help you? Castle Black is my home now. Night's Watch takes no part in the wars of the Seven Kingdoms. You're gonna show me some vision in the fire. Forgive me, my Lady. But I don't trust in visions. I don't think Stannis would like that very much. I can't. I swore a vow. . I loved another. I know. But I still love her. Maester Aemon. Sam, I'd like to speak to the maester alone. How are you feeling? I need your advice. There's something I want to do, something I have to do. But it'll divide the Night's Watch. Bitterly. Half the men will hate me the moment I give the order. But you don't know what it is. Where are the rest of the free folk now? . Where have they gone? . Who leads them? What about you? What if I unchained you? Because you are not my enemy. And I'm not yours. For 8,000 years the Night's Watch have sworn an oath to be the shield that guards the realms of men. And for 8,000 years we've fallen short of that oath. You belong to the realms of men. All of you. It is. Because now, , I am Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. I'd have you go north of the Wall. Gather the remaining free folk wherever they are and bring them back here. I'll open the gates for them and let them through. I'll find them lands to settle south of the Wall. I don't want them to kneel for me. I want them to fight with me when the time comes. And how many of your people can't fight? The women, the children, the old, the sick, what happens to them? You're condemning them to death. Worse than death because you're too proud to make peace. Or maybe you're not proud. Maybe you're just a coward. Your people need a leader. And they need to get south of the Wall before it's too late. We don't have much time and they have less. The walkers are coming and they'll hit your people first. I'm not asking you to make peace to save your skin. Make peace to save your people. Up on Storroldo s Point. I can give you 10 horses and nine other men. You can get there in a week. I'll talk to King Stannis about lending you his fleet. Men, women, and children will die by the thousands if we do nothing. And we've slaughtered theirs. You were at the Fist of the First Men. If we abandon them, you know what they become. We can learn to live with the wildlings or we can add them to the army of the dead. Whatever they are now, they're better than that. Thank you. . Olly. . If you have something you want to say to me, say it. It's all right. It's not a trick. I know what it's like to lose the people you love. I know this is hard for you. But winter is coming. We know what's coming with it. We can't face it alone. No. You'll get them back, I swear it. Have a safe journey, Your Grace. And thank you. First Ranger, you have command of Castle Black. As always, thank you for your honesty. Thank you, Sam. Me too. Does that make me a fool? He's not my prisoner. We're allies. We're not here to fight. We're here to talk. My name's Jon Snow. I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. We're not friends. We've never been friends. We won't become friends today. This isn't about friendship. This is about survival. This is about putting a 700 foot wall between you and what's out there. In normal times we wouldn't. But these aren't normal times. The white walkers don't care if a man's Free Folk or Crow. We're all the same to them. Meat to their army. But together we can beat them. It's not a trick. It's a gift for those who join us. Dragonglass. A man of the Night's Watch used one of these daggers to kill a walker. No. But I trust the man. Come with me and I'll share these weapons. There are good lands south of the wall. The Night's Watch will allow you through the tunnel and allow your people to farm those lands. I knew Mance Rayder. He never wanted a war with the Night's Watch, he wanted a new life for his people. For you. We're prepared to give you that new life. If you swear you join us when the real war begins. He died. I put an arrow through his heart. I'm not asking you to forget your dead. I'll never forget mine. I lost 50 brothers the night that Mance attacked the wall. But I'm asking you to think about your children now. They'll never have children of their own if we don't band together. The Long Night is coming and the dead come with it. No clan can stop them. The free folk can't stop them. The Night's Watch can't stop them. And all the southern kings can't stop them. Only together, all of us, and even then it might not be enough, but at least then we'll give the fuckers a fight. How many are with us? 5000? We're leaving too many behind. And he knew them better than I ever will. Get in line! Get in line! Hold the line! Hold the line! Get them to the ship and come back for me! Now! You should be on one of those boats. You have my word. I've given orders. Night's Watch with me! Move! Move! Move! The Dragonglass! Go! Go! Go! Let's go now! Now! It was a failure. I went to save them, I failed. I don't think that fact's lost on them. Here's a silver because the lady likes you. He raised his hands. And they all stood up at once. Tens of thousands of them, the biggest army in the world. I'm gonna hope they don't learn how to climb the wall. No one's ever getting that back, now. It wouldn't have mattered anyway, unless we had a mountain of it. With Longclaw. I saw them shatter steel axes like they were glass. But Longclaw… Not enough. The first Lord Commander in history to sacrifice the lives of sworn Brothers to save the lives of Wildlings. How's it feel to be friends with the most hated man in Castle Black? Here's to us then. Long may they sneer. What? I need you here, Sam. If you leave, who's left to give me advice I trust? You know that The Citadel will make you swear off women, too. Sam? Sam… You've just been beaten half to death. How did you-- I'm glad the end of the worldo s working out for someone. To your return. We don't have enough men to make any difference. The wildlings won't ever fight for Stannis, I told you before-- It's not their fight! Stannis? Are you sure he's talking about Benjen? He could be lying. Where is he? Olly… They stabbed me Olly...he put a knife in my heart I shouldn't be here Nothing There was nothing at all I did what I thought was right And I got murdered for it And now I'm back Why? I don't know how to do that I thought I did, but...I failed I'm not a god I think so Hold off on burning my body for now If you have any last words, now is the time Neither was killing me I'm sure you would, Ser Alliser You should Wear it Burn it Whatever you want You have Castle Black My watch is ended South Get warm I did everything I could You know that Aye, I pledged my life to the Night's Watch I gave my life They killed me, Edd! My own brothers You want me to stay here after that? With the peas and onions? We never should have left Winterfell How could we know? We were children You were occasionally awful I'm sure I can't have been great fun Always sulking in the corner while the rest of you played There's nothing to forgive All right All right, I forgive you You'd think after thousands of years, the Night's Watch would have learned how to make a good ale Where will we go? If I don't watch over you, Father's ghost will come back and murder me I can't stay here, not after what happened Should we tell the Boltons to pack up and leave? I don't have an army They didn't come here to serve me Sansa I'm tired of fighting It's all I've done since I left home I've killed brothers of the Night's Watch I've killed wildlings I've killed men that I admire I hanged a boy younger than Bran I fought and I lost I'm not Lord Commander anymore. SNOW takes the letter. The man leaves. JON SNOW sees the seal of House Bolton. He opens the scroll and starts reading. To the traitor and bastard Jon Snow. You allowed thousands of wildlings past the Wall. You have betrayed your own kind. You have betrayed the North. Winterfell is mine, bastard. Come and see. Your brother Rickon is in my dungeon. SNOW looks at SANSA. His direwolf's skin is on my floor. Come and see. I want my bride back. Send her to me, bastard, and I will not trouble you or your wildling lovers. Keep her from me and I will ride north and slaughter every wildling man, woman, and babe living under your protection. You will watch as I skin them living. You -- It's just more of the same. SNOW puts the letter away, but SANSA takes it and continues reading. Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North. We don't know that. How many do you have? SNOW nods. We can't defend the north from the Walkers and the south from the Boltons. If we want to survive, we need Winterfell, and to take Winterfell, we need more men. There are more than three other houses in the North -- Glover, Mormont, Cerwyn, Mazin, Hornwood. Two dozen more. Together they equal all the others. We can start small and build. How do you know that? New dress? Year, it's -- I like the wolf bit. Thank you, Sansa. Don't knock it down while I'm gone. That's what'll happen to you if we lose. The Boltons, the Karstarks, the Umbers, they know you're here. They know that more than half of you are women and children. After they finish with me, they'll come for you. You're right. This isn't your fight. You shouldn't have to come to Winterfell with me. I shouldn't be asking you. It's not the deal we made. I need you with me if we're gonna beat them, and we need to beat them if you're going to survive. Are you sure they'll come? Lady Mormont. I served under your uncle at Castle Black, Lady Lyanna. He was also a great warrior and an honorable man. I was his steward. In fact- - Stannis Baratheon garrisoned at Castle Black before he marched on Winterfell and was killed. He showed me the letter you wrote to him when he petitioned for men. It said- - Robb is gone, but House Stark is not. And it needs your support now more than ever. I've come with my sister to ask for House Mormont's allegiance. Ramsay Bolton cannot be allowed to keep Winterfell, my lady. It is our duty to stop him. Even more so because he holds our brother Rickon Stark as prisoner. What you have to understand, my lady, is that- - Your uncle fought them at the Fist of the First Men. I fought them at Hardhome. We both lost. Thank you, my lady. How many fighting men can we expect? 62? Lord Glover, if you could just hear us out. The Boltons are traitors. Roose Bolton- - House Mormont. We sent raven to Houses Manderly- - The bulk of the force is made up of wildlings. Lord Glover. We're not staying here long. Another storm could hit any day.. We have to march on Winterfell now while we still can. Ser Davos is the reason I'm standing here talking to you and he served Stannis for years. There's no time. We fight with the army we have. You don't have to be here. You're right. There's no need for a battle. Thousands of men don't need to die. Only one of us. Let's end this the old way. You against me. Aye, you have the numbers. Will your men want to fight for you when they hear you wouldn't fight for them? If he was smart, he'd stay inside the walls of Winterfell and wait us out. It's his weakness, too. His mean don't want to fight for him. They're forced to fight for him. If they feel the tide turning... We're digging trenches all along our flanks. They won't be able to hit us the way that Stannis hit you, in a double envelopment. A pincer move. They won't be able to hit us from the sides. No. But I wanted to make him angry. I want him coming at us full tilt. Aye, for what they're worth. You're right. He's overconfident. Aye, and what have I been doing all my life? Playing with broomsticks? I fought beyond the Wall against worse than Ramsay Bolton. I've defended the Wall from worse than Ramsay Bolton. All right, tell me. What should we do? How do we get Rickon back? We can't give up on our brother. Of course he does. What should I do differently? Aye, that's good advice. Well, it is a bit obvious. When will we have a larger force?! We've pleaded with every house that'll have us! The Blackfish can't help us! We're lucky to have this many men! Now, it's not enough! It's what we have! Battles have been won against greater odds. SNOW I won't ever let him touch you again. I'll protect you, I promise. My lady. You weren't at the war council. Any advice? If I do, if I fall, don't bring me back. I'm ordering you not to bring me back. You're in my camp. I'm the commander. How do you know what he commands? Why? What kind of god would do something like that? Get word -- We're going to bury my brother in the crypt next to my father. When we had feasts, our family would sit up here… and I'd sit down there. Aye, you're right. I was luckier than most. What is that? Do you have anything to say for yourself? Ride south today. If you return to the North, I'll have you hanged as a murderer. I'm having the lordo s chamber prepared for you. I'm not a Stark. You're the Lady of Winterfell. You deserve it. We're standing here because of you. The battle was lost until the Knights of the Vale rode in. They came because of you. You told me Lord Baelish sold you to the Boltons. And you trust him? We need to trust each other. We can't fight a war amongst ourselves. We have so many enemies now. Well, Father always promised, didn't he? The free folk, the northerners, and the Knights of the Vale fought bravely, fought together, and we won. My father uses to say we find our true friends on the battlefield. The war is not over. And I promise you, friend, the true enemy won't wait out the storm. He brings the storm. There's nothing to forgive, my lord. I want every northern maester to scour their records for any mention of dragonglass. Dragonglass kills white walkers. It's more valuable to us now than gold. We need to find it, we need to mine it, we need to make weapons from it. Everyone aged 10 to 60 will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow and arrow. Not just the boys. We can't defend the North if only half the population is fighting. While we're preparing for attack, we need to shore up our defenses. The only thing standing between us and the Army of the Dead is the Wall and the Wall hasn't been properly manned in centuries. I'm not the king of the Free Folk. But if we're going to survive this winter together... Last time we saw the Night King was at Hardhome. The closest castle to Hardhome is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea. If they breach the wall, the first two castles in their path are Last Hearth and Karhold. The Umbers and the Karstarks have fought beside the Starks for centuries. They've kept faith for generation after generation. I'm not going to strip these families of their ancestral homes because of the crimes of a few reckless sons. The punishment for treason is death. Smalljon Umber died on the field of battle. Harald Karstark died on the field of battle. When I was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me. I executed men who refused to follow orders. My father always said, "The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword," and I have tried to live by those words. But I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will not take a family home away from a family it has belonged to for centuries. That is my decision, and my decision is final. Ned Umber. Alys Karstark. For centuries, our families fought side by side on the battlefield. I ask you to pledge your loyalty once again to House Stark, to serve as our bannermen and come to our aid whenever called upon. Stand. Yesterday's wars don't matter anymore. The North needs to band together, all the living north. Will you stand beside me, Ned and Alys, now and always? You are my sister, but I am king now. When you question my decisions in front of the other lords and ladies, you undermine me. Of course you can, but-- Do you think I'm Joffrey? Thank you. At what? No. What did father used to say? Everything before the word "but" is horse shit. No. No, he never cursed in front of his girls. All right, I'll stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to undermine me. And how should I be smarter? By listening to you? Cersei of House Lannister, First of Her Name, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Protector of the Seven Kingdoms-- Come to King's Landing. Bend the knee or suffer the fate of all traitors. I'm consumed with the Night King because I've seen him. And believe me, you'd think of little else if you had, too. There's a thousand miles between us and Cersei. Winter is here. The Lannisters are a southern army. They've never ranged this far north. You almost sound as if you admire her. Read the last bit. It's something he said to me the first night we met. You know him better than any of us. What do you think? What? But? Come in. This message was sent to me by Samwell Tarley. He was my brother at the Night's Watch. A man I trust as much as anyone in this world. He's discovered proof that Dragonstone sits on a mountain of Dragonglass. I received this a few days ago from Dragonstone. It was sent to me by Tyrion Lannister. He's now Hand of the Queen to Daenerys Targaryen. She intends to take the Iron Throne from Cersei Lannister. She has a powerful army at her back and if this message is to be believed, three dragons. Lord Tyrion has invited me to Dragonstone to meet with Daenerys and I'm going to accept. We need this Dragonglass, My Lords. We know that Dragonglass can destroy both White Walkers and their army. We need to mine it and turn it into weapons. But more importantly, we need allies. The Night King's army grows larger by the day. We can't defeat them on our own. We don't have the numbers. Daenerys has her own army and she has dragon fire. I need to try and persuade her to fight with us. Ser Davos and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone. I know that. It could be, but I don't believe Tyrion would do that. You know him. He's a good man. You all crowned me your king. I never wanted it, I never asked for it, but I accepted it because the north is my home. It's part of me and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the odds. But the odds are against us. None of you have seen the Army of the Dead. None of you. We can never hope to defeat them alone. We need allies, powerful allies. I know it's a risk. But I have to take it. Daenerys is a queen. Only a king can convince her to help us. It has to be me. I'm leaving both in good hands. Yours. You are my sister. You are the only Stark in Winterfell. Until I return, the north is yours. You don't belong down here. I have nothing to say to you. Touch my sister and I'll kill you myself. The dwarf of Casterly Rock. You were pissing off the edge, if I remember right. You picked up some scars along the road. Of course. She is. I didn't ask -- She's starting to let on. As long as you tell me how a Lannister became Hand to Daenerys Targaryen. My bannermen think I'm a fool for coming here. True. But I'm not a Stark. The winds were kind, Your Grace. I am not. Break faith? Your father burned my grandfather alive. He burned my uncle alive. He would have burned the Seven Kingdoms. You're right. You're not guilty of your father's crime. And I'm not beholden to my ancestor's vows. Because I need your help and you need mine. I did. They're hard to miss. But you haven't stormed King's Landing. Why not? The only reason I can see is you don't want to kill thousands of innocent people. It's the fastest way to win the war but you won't do it. Which means at the very least you're better than Cersei. Because right now you and I and Cersei and everyone else, we're children playing at a game screaming that the rules aren't fair. Your Grace, everone you know will die before winter is over if we don't defeat the enemy to the north. I am not your enemy. The dead are the enemy. The Army of the Dead is on the march. You don't know me well, My Lord, but do you think I am a liar or a madman? The Army of the Dead is real. The White Walkers are real. The Knight King is real. I've seen them. If they get past the wall and we're squabbling amongst ourselves -- we're finished. You'll be ruling over a graveyard if we don't defeat the Night King. There's no time for that. There's no time for any of this. While we stand here debating -- And why would I do that? I mean no offense, Your Grace, but I don't know you. As far as I can tell your claim to the throne rests entirely on your father's name. And my own father fought to overthrow the Mad King. The lords of the north placed their trust in me to lead them. And I will continue to do so as well as I can. Am I your prisoner? I'm a prisoner on this island. Except to my ship. They took my ship. I'm not playing word games with you. The dead are coming for us all. It's hard for me to fathom. It really is. If someone told me about the White Walkers and the Night King -- You probably don't believe me. You didn't before. Grumpkins and snarks you called them. Do you remember? You said it was all nonsense. How do I convince people who don't know me that an enemey they don't believe in is coming to kill them all? I know it's a good question. I'm looking for an answer. I need to help prepare my people for what's coming. I can't help them from here. I'd like to leave. Everyone told me to learn from my father's mistakes. Don't go south. Don't answer a summons from the Mad King's daughter, a foreign invader. And here I am. A northern fool. What do you mean? Amazing thing to see. You've been talking to Tyrion? He enjoys talking. I don't. I never expected that you would. I haven't either. Thank you. So you believe me then about the Night King and the Army of the Dead? Your Grace. I wanted you to see it before we start hacking it to bits. leads DAENERYS and MISSANDEI into the cave. He lights a brazier and illuminates the Dragonglass along the walls. He continues walking deeper into the cave. So this is it, all we'll ever need. There is something else I want to show your, Your Grace. and DAENERYS go to a further chamber in the cave. There are murals painted on the walls of Dragonglass. The Children of the Forest made these. A very long time ago. No. They were here together the Children and the First Men. takes DAENERYS by the arm and swings her torch to another part of the wall. There is a mural of the Night King and White Walkers. and DAENERYS look back at the wall with the Night King. Because the enemy is real. It's always been real. No, I don't think I can. My people won't accept a southern ruler, not after everything they've suffered. and DAENERYS, DAVOS and MISSANDEI are walking out of the cave. As they exit TYRION and VARYS are standing on the beach awaiting them. DAENERYS begins addressing Tyrion. I would never presume to -- looks over the ocean at the dragons flying. I never thought that dragons would exist again. No one did. The people who follow you know that you made something impossible happen. Maybe that helps them believe that you can make other impossible things happen. Build a world that's different from the shit one they've always known. glances back towards the dragons. But if you use them to melt castles and burn cities, you're not different. You're just more of the same. and DAVOS are walking along the paths outside of Dragonstone having a discussion. Who? I think she has a good heart. There's no time for that. I saw the Night King, Davos. I looked into his eyes. How many men do we have in the north to fight him? 10,000? Less? What? It doesn't matter. Of course. I'm a bastard. My mother and father weren't married. Why did you leave your homeland? I'm sorry. And if you wanted to sail home to Naarth tomorrow -- You believe that? notices a single ship sailing into the bay. It has a kraken sigil. MISSANDEI turns to look. Is that a Greyjoy ship? grabs THEON by his shirt and pulls him face to face. What you did for her is the only reason I'm not killing you. releases THEON. The queen is gone. SNOW is standing on the edge of a cliff looking towards the ocean. DROGON roars and flies over him with DAENERYS on his back. DROGON lands next to JON and charges towards him. DROGON opens his jaws and roars in JON's face. DROGON creeps closer until he is inches from JON. JON removes his glove and slowly extends his hand toward DROGON. DROGON lowers his head and allows JON to touch him. DAENERYS looks surprised and steps down from her mount. DROGON turns and flies away. That wasn't the word I was thinking of, but, yes, they are. Gorgeous beasts. You weren't gone long. And? pauses and doesn't say anything. No, I'm not. Thousands. Ser Davos gets carried away. doesn't say anything. A group of Dothraki guards approach DAENERYS and speak in their native tongue. I served with your father. He was a great man. I thought Arya was dead. I thought Bran was dead. Bran saw the Night King and his army marching towards Eastwatch. If they make it past the wall -- interrupts VARYS. I need to go home. We'll fight with the men we have. Unless you'll join us. I don't think she'll come see the dead at my invitation. The first White I ever saw was brought into Castle Black from beyond the Wall. pauses and stares at the ground. JORAH breaks the silence. The free folk will help us. They know the real north better than anyone. They won't have to. I'm the only one here whose fought them. I'm the only one here who knows them. With respect, Your Grace, I don't need your permission. I am a king. And I came here knowing that you could have your men behead me or your dragons burn me alive. I put my trust in you, a stranger, because I knew it was the best chance for my people, for all our people. Now I'm asking you to trust in a stranger because it's our best chance. stops and turns around to face DAVOS. You survived King's Landing. Your Grace, this is -- looks to DAVOS. I saw your father once at Winterfell. You're a lot leaner. stops smiling and pauses a moment. Then he chuckles. I grew up on stories about them. Do you know how to use one? Well, that's a problem. nods. We could use the help. If I don't return at least you won't have to deal with the King in the North anymore. I wish you good fortune in the wars to come, Your Grace. Heave! and the raiding party land on the Beach of Eastwatch. JON looks up at the castle. The men collect their equipment and make for the castle. Two. Both. looks around the table. Not enough. smiles and shakes his head. TORMUND is disappointed. You're The Hound. I saw you once at Winterfell. He's right. We're all on the same side. We're all breathing. Are you all right? Ever been north before? You've never been down south. That's the north. There's not another woman within 100 miles of here. glances at GENDRY. GENDRY backs away from JON and TORMUND. Davos says he is a strong fighter. She'll only fight beside us if I bend the knee. The first time I went north of the wall was with your father. I was a prisoner of the Wildlings. But we avenged him. I want you to know that every mutineer found justice. I hate that he died that way. My father was the most honorable man I ever met. He was good all the way through. And he died on the executioner's block. I heard. I'm glad he didn't capture you. stops walking and loosens the belt holding his sword. Your father gave me this sword. He changed the pommel from a bear to a wolf, but it's still Long Claw. hands the sword to JORAH. JORAH slowly takes the sword and looks it over in his hands. Lord Commander Mormont thought you'd never come back to Westeros. But you are back and it's been in your family for centuries. It's not right for me to have it. I'm not his son. Who's that? You knew him? I serve the north. The lord of light never spoke to me. I don't know anything about him. I don't know what he wants from me. Why? That's all anyone can tell me, I don't know. So what's the point in serving a god that none of us knows what he wants. So what are you fighting for? But we all die. I am the shield that guards the realms of men. Aye. Maybe that's enough. How many people live here? That's more people than the entire North crammed into that. Why would anyone want to live that way? This isn't about living in harmony. It's just about living. The same thing is coming for all of us. A general you can't negotiate with. An army that doesn't leave corpses behind on the battlefield. Lord Tyrion tells me a million people live in this city. They're about to become a million more soldiers in the Army of the Dead. This is serious. I wouldn't be here if it weren't. We can destroy them by burning them. And we can destroy them with dragonglass. If we don't win this fight, then that is the fate of every person in the world. There is only one war that matters the Great War. And it is here. No. I am true to my word. Or I try to be. That is why I cannot give you what you ask. I cannot serve two queens. And I have already pledged myself to Queen Daenerys of House Targaryen. I know! I'm not going to swear an oath I can't uphold. Talk about my father. I did this. I should go. No one is less happy about this than I am. You're not like everyone else. And your family hasn't seen its end. You're still here. Who told you that? Has it occurred to you she might not have been a reliable source of information? So, what now? It appears Tyrion's assessment was correct. We're fucked. If we have the Dothraki ride hard on the kingsroad, they'll arrive at Winterfell within the fortnight. It's your decision, Your Grace. But if we're going to be allies in this war, it's important for the Northerners to see us as allies. If we sail to White Harbor together, I think it sends a better message. All right. We went down there to make peace. And it seems to me we need to be honest with each other if we're going to fight together. It's not. It may seem that way from the outside, but I promise you, it's not true. I've done plenty of things that I regret. No. Not compared to you. Our father was more of a father. And you betrayed him. Betrayed his memory. But you never lost him. He's a part of you. Just like he's a part of me. It's not my place to forgive you for all of it. But what I can forgive, I do. You don't need to choose. You're a Greyjoy and you're a Stark. So, why are you still talking to me? I warned you. Northerners don't much trust outsiders. Look at you. You're a man. Where's Arya? Queen Daenerys of House Targaryen. My sister, Sansa Stark, the Lady of Winterfell. We need to send ravens to the Night's Watch as well. There's no sense in manning the castles anymore. We make our stand here. It's not important. You did, my lady. It was the honor of my life. I'll always be grateful for your faith. But when I left Winterfell, I told you we need allies or we will die. I have brought those allies home to fight alongside us. I had a choice, keep my crown or protect the North. I chose the North. How did you sneak up on me? I didn't. You still have it. Have you ever used it? Jealous? Where were you before? I couldo ve used your help with Sansa. Sansa thinks she's smarter than everyone. Now you're defending her? You? Yeah. I'm her family too. She doesn't know you. If it makes you feel any better, she didn't like me either when we were growing up. What's the matter? What's wrong with them? I don't know how to ride a dragon. What if he doesn't want me to? What do I hold onto? You've completely ruined horses for me. We'd be pretty old. It's cold up here for a southern girl. House Glover will stand behind House Stark as we have for a thousand years." Isn't that what he said? I told you we needed allies. I never wanted a crown. All I wanted was to protect the North. I brought two armies home with me, two dragons. Do you think we can beat the Army of the Dead without her? I fought them, Sansa. Twice. You want to worry about who holds what title, I'm telling you it doesn't matter. Without her, we don't stand a chance. Do you have any faith in me at all? She'll be a good queen. For all of us. She's not her father. Sam? Were you hiding from me? What are you doing in Winterfell? Or did you read every book in the Citadel already? What's wrong? Gilly? Is she all right? Little Sam? Know what? I'm so sorry. We need to end this war. Well, I've executed men who disobeyed me. I wasn't a king. I gave up my crown, Sam. I bent the knee. I'm not King in the North anymore. What are you talking about? My father was the most honorable man I ever met. You're saying he lied to me all my life. Daenerys is our queen. That's treason. We need every man we can get. I thought we'd lost you. How did you find each other? The Umbers? How long do we have? They're coming. We have dragonglass and Valyrian steel. But there are too many of them. Far too many. Our enemy doesn't tire. Doesn't stop. Doesn't feel. We can't beat them in a straight fight. The Night King made them all. They follow his command. If he falls Getting to him may be our best chance. We'll put you in the crypt, where it's safest. If they're in the field, they're not protecting Bran. We need to be near him. Not too near, or the Night King won't come. But close enough to pursue him when he does. Let's get some rest. Your Grace. No. Gilly? Little Sam? If you want to join them. To protect them. Now it's just us three. Lyanna Stark. He didn't. He loved her. They were married in secret. After Rhaegar fell on the Trident, she had a son. Robert would have murdered the baby if he ever found out, and Lyanna knew it. So the last thing she did, as she bled to death on her birthing bed, was give the boy to her brother, Ned Stark, to raise as his bastard. My name. My real name is Aegon Targaryen. I wish it were. Bran. He saw it. And Samwell confirmed it. He read about their marriage at the Citadel without even knowing what it meant. It's true, Dany. I know it is. The Night King is coming. Dany! Get off! Bran! We're here to say goodbye to our brothers and sisters. To our fathers and mothers. To our friends. Our fellow men and women who set aside their differences to fight together and die together so that others might live. Everyone in this world owes them a debt that can never be repaid. It is our duty and our honor to keep them alive in memory for those who come after us and those who come after them for as long as men draw breath. They were the shields that guarded the realms of men. And we shall never see their like again. Just crossed the Trident. They'll be at the walls of King's Landing in two days. How is she? She shouldn't be alone. Aren't you worried for her? We're not much for riddles where I'm from. That's her decision to make. She is our queen. What do you want? I don't want it. I never have. She is my queen. I don't want it, and that's what I told him. I love you. And you will always be my queen. Daybreak at the earliest. Move, move! No! Get back! Get back! Stay! Stay! Stop! Find somewhere to hide. We need to fall back! Fall back behind the wall! Fall back! Get out of the city! Fall back! Fall back! Fall back! It's not safe. Let me send some men with you. Grey Worm! It's over. And what are the queen's commands? What are you doing here? Hey, what happened? She's everyone's queen now. Wait for me outside the city gates. I'll come find you. No. Not that I've seen. You didn't. I can't justify what happened. I won't try. But the war is over now. And you've been by her side, counseling her. Until today. You think our house words are stamped on our bodies when we're born and that's who we are? Then I'd be fire and blood too. She's not her father, no more than you're Tywin Lannister. Cersei left her no choice. She saw her friend beheaded. She saw her dragon shot out of the sky. Ah, it's easy to judge when you're standing far from the battlefield. What? I don't know. What's it matter what I'd do? Love is the death of duty. Maester Aemon said it a long time ago. That's her decision. She is the queen. I'm sorry it came to this. My sisters will be loyal to the throne. She doesn't get to choose. I saw them executing Lannister prisoners in the street. They said they were acting on your orders. Necessary? Have you been down there? Have you seen? Children, little children, burned! And Tyrion? Forgive him. You can. You can forgive all of them, make them see they made a mistake. Make them understand. Please, Dany. The world we need is a world of mercy. It has to be. How do you know? How do you know it'll be good? I don't. What about everyone else? All the other people who think they know what's good. You are my queen. Now, and always. There's still a Night's Watch? Was it right? What I did? It doesn't feel right. I don't expect we'll ever see each other again. The North is free, thanks to you. Ned Stark's daughter will speak for them. She's the best they could ask for. You can come see me, you know, at Castle Black. You think anyone will dare tell you women aren't allowed? You have your Needle? Your Grace. I'm sorry I wasn't there when you needed me. 
