And you never worry about anything. When we were seven, you jumped off the cliffs as Casterly Rock. One hundred foot drop into the water. And you were never afraid. What if Jon Arryn told someone? My husband. You should be the Hand of the king. We've been riding for a month, my love. Surely the dead can wait. Where is our brother? Go find the little beast. Yes. Lovely country. Hello, little dove. But you are a beauty. How old are you? You're tall. Still growing? And have you bled yet? And your dress. Did you make it? Such talent. You must make something for me. I hear we might share a grandchild someday. Your daughter will do well in the capital. Such a beauty shouldn't stay hidden up here forever. Stop. STOP. He saw us. He saw us! What do you mean? It's no mercy, letting a child linger in such pain. I still can't believe you're going. It's ridiculous even for you. The children don't need to hear your filth. Come. Please. This is your home. I'm your guest. Handsome one, isn't he? I lost my first boy, a little black-haired beauty. He was a fighter too... Tried to beat the fever that took him. Forgive me. It's the last thing you need to hear right now. It was years ago. Robert was crazed, beat his hands bloody on the wall, all the things men do to show you how much they care... The boy looked just like him. Such a little thing... A bird without feathers. They came to take his body away and Robert held me. I screamed and I battled, but he held me. That little bundle. They took him away and I never saw him again. Never have visited the crypt, never. I pray to the Mother every morning and night that she return your child to you. Perhaps this time she'll listen. How dare you speak to your King in that manner? Your girl and that butcher's boy attacked my son. That animal of hers nearly tore his arm off. Joffrey told us what happened. You and that boy beat him with clubs while you set your wolf on him. She's not. Sansa, come here, darling. She's as wild as that animal of hers. I want her punished. Joffrey will bear these scars for the rest of his life. And what of the direwolf? What of the beast that savaged your son? We have another wolf. Where is the beast? Ser Ilyn, do me the honor. Is this some trick? Please, it's nearly healed. A King should have scars, you fought off a direwolf. You're a warrior like your father. That's not true. You killed the beast. You only spared the girl because of the love your father bears her father. When Aerys Targaryen sat on the Iron Throne, your father was a rebel and a traitor. Someday you'll sit on the throne and the truth will be what you make it. Yes. She's very beautiful and young. If you don't like her, you only need to see her on formal occasions and when the time comes, to make little princes and princesses. And if you'd rather fuck painted whores, you'll fuck painted whores. And if you'd rather lie with noble virgins, so be it. You are my darling boy and the world will be exactly as you want it to be. Do something nice for the Stark girl. No, but you will. The occasional kindness will spare you all sorts of trouble down the road. How would you handle them? A royal army? And if the northerners rebel? And these 10,000 northern troops, would they fight for you or their lord? But you've just invaded their homeland, asked them to kill their brothers. The North cannot be held... not by an outsider. It's too big and too wild. When the winter comes, the Seven gods together couldn't save you and your royal army. A good King knows when to save his strength... And when to destroy his enemies. Everyone who isn't us is an enemy. How could you be so stupid? He's a child... 10 years old. What were you thinking? Nothing. He's said nothing. He remembers nothing. What if it comes back to him? If he tells his father what he saw... And my husband? Let me go. And if you find the proof? You're missing your tournament. I thought we might put what happened on the Kingsroad behind us – the ugliness with the wolves. And forcing you to kill the beast was extreme. Though sometimes we go to extremes where our children are concerned. How is Sansa? The only Stark who does. Favors her mother, not much of the north in her. I might ask the same of you. What is it you hope to accomplish? You can't change him. You can't help him. He'll do what he wants, which is all he's ever done. You'll try your best to pick up the pieces. You're just a soldier, aren't you? You take your orders and you carry on. I suppose it makes sense. Your older brother was trained to lead and you were trained to follow. As was I. I'm sorry your marriage to Ned Stark didn't work out. You seemed so good together. Without a Hand, everything will fall to pieces. No. He's not serious enough. I'll say this for Ned Stark - he's serious enough. Was it really worth it? Losing him this way? The Dothraki don't sail. Every child knows that. They don't have discipline. They don't have armor. They don't have siege weapons. Is my father wrong? We still outnumber them. Five. What do you want? Our marriage. Every day. Well, seventeen years is quite a long time. Yes, it tis. What was she like? At first, just saying her name, even in private felt like I was breathing life back into her. I thought if I didn't talk about her, she'd just fade away for you. When I realized that wasn't going to happen, I refused to ask out of spite. I didn't want to give you the satisfaction of thinking I cared enough to ask. And eventually it became clear that my spite didn't mean anything to you, as far as I could tell, you actually enjoyed it. What harm could Lyanna Stark's ghost do to either of us that we haven't done to each other a hundred times over? I felt something for you once, you know? Even after we lost our first boy -- for quite a while, actually. Was it ever possible for us? Was there ever a time, ever a... moment? It doesn't make me feel anything. Do you know what your wife has done? By what right dare you lay hands on my blood? You were the King's Hand! You shall now be held accountable. Lord Stark was returning drunk from a brothel when his men attacked Jaime. I took you for a king. He's attacked my brother and abducted the other. I should wear the armor and you the gown. I shall wear this like a badge of honor. You're in pain. Perhaps it's time to go home. Do you, Lord Stark? Is that why you called me here, to pose me riddles? Jaime would have killed him. My brother is worth a thousand of your friend. The Targaryens wed brothers and sisters for 300 years to keep bloodlines pure. Jaime and I are more than brother and sister. We shared a womb. We came into this world together. We belong together. Do you love your children? No more than I love mine. Thank the Gods. Hated him? I worshiped him. And what of my wrath, Lord Stark? You should have taken the realm for yourself. Oh, but it was. Robert, my sweet... You condemn yourself with your own mouth, Lord Stark. You think he stands alone? Sansa sweetling, you are innocent of any wrong. Little dove, you must write to Lady Catelyn and your brother, the eldest. Word of your father's arrest will reach him soon, no doubt. You disappoint me, child. That depends. On your brother. And on you. Ser Barristan Selmy. Rise, Ser Barristan. Whose death, Ser Barristan? Yours or your King's? The Council has determined that Ser Jaime Lannister will take your place as Lord Commander of the Kingsguard. Careful, Ser. Do you have some business for the King and the Council, Sansa? My son, this is madness. Stop talking. Get back into bed. You command the City Watch, do you not, Lord Slynt? And are you not a Lord at my command? Then do your job. Shut the gates to the peasants. They belong in the field, not our capital. What are you doing here? What are you doing here? This is the small council. Our father is Hand of the King. Out! All of you out. . I would like to know how you tricked father into this. I've done nothing. I tried to stop it. Robb Stark is a child. What do you know about warfare? Joffrey is King. You are here to advise him. How? One. Arya, little animal, she disappeared. Lord Baelish. I wonder if I might ask you for a favor. Ned Stark's youngest daughter Arya... we can't seem to locate her. And yet my friends in the North report no sign of her. If we choose to negotiate with the Starks, the girl has some value. Whoever finds her, well, you know what they say about Lannisters and debts. A mockingbird. . You created your own Sigil, didn't you? Appropriate for a self-made man with so many songs to sing. I heard a song once about a boy of modest means who found his way into the home of a very prominent family. He loved the eldest daughter. Sadly, she had eyes for another. And which truth is that? Seize him. . Cut his throat. . Stop. Wait. I've changed my mind. Let him go. . Step back three paces. Turn around. Close your eyes. . Power is power. Do see if you can take some time away from your coins and your whores to locate the Stark girl for me. I would very much appreciate it. What is all this? We can't find Arya Stark. Perhaps. But if not, we need her. They'll never give Jaime back to us for Sansa alone. We need to set our armies to the task of finding her. Send out as many men as we can. I'm sure if you asked grandfather - His life is in danger. Our enemies will say anything to weaken your claim to the throne. Of course it is. No one believes this foul gossip - What are you asking? What are you doing here? I've done nothing. What are you asking? From this time until the end of time, we are not part of your realm, but a free and independent Kingdom of the North.” . He has more spirit than his father, I'll give him that. You'll give the Starks our reply, cousin? Did you see my brother when you were the Starks guest? If you speak with him, tell him he's not been forgotten. If that's everything? Another king? How many is that now, Five? I've lost count. Perhaps he's forgotten we're fighting a war. We have no men to spare. One trip to The Wall and you come back believing in grumpkins and snarks. . I have every confidence the brave men of the Night's Watch will protect us all. Lord Janos Slynt was Commander of the City Watch. You had no right to exile him. You're serving as the King's Hand until father gets here. I am Queen Regent. Ha, the people. You think I care? He did what needed to be done. . You want to be the Hand of the King? You want to rule? This is what ruling is! Lying on a bed of weeds, ripping them out by the root one by one before they strangle you in your sleep. I don't care what you think! You've never taken it seriously. You haven't, Jaime hasn't. . It's all fallen on me. You're funny. . You've always been funny. But none of your jokes will ever match the first one, will they? You remember... back when you ripped my mother open on your way out of her and she bled to death. Now they're gone, for the sake of you. There's no bigger joke in the world than that. . Soon, darling, when the war is over. The princess just spoke to you. He might. Would you like that? Even if he does, Sansa will do her duty. Won't you, little dove? You monster. Myrcella is my only daughter. Do you really think I'll let you sell her like a common whore? I will not let you ship her off to Dorne as I was shipped off to Robert Baratheon. Are you mad? The Martells loathe us. She'll be a hostage. You won't get away with this. You think the piece of paper Father gave you keeps you safe. Ned Stark had a piece of paper, too. No. No! Get out! Get out! Killed? By whom? Really? Who'd have thought? Whomever did it, I say well done. Littlefinger says we can outspend him three to one. Aren't there other things you should be doing, like sealing my daughter in a crate so you can ship her away? Yes, I know how concerned you are for her safety. So clever. Aren't you always so clever with your schemes and your plots? No need to concern yourself over it. The king is taking personal charge of siege preparations. You may, specifically, or you may ask vaguely. The answer will be the same. It's the king's royal prerogative to withhold sensitive information from his councilors. One day I pray you love someone. I pray you love her so much, when you close your eyes, you see her face. I want that for you. I want you to know what it's like to love someone, to truly love someone. Before I take her from you. Your mother might have prepared you. You flowered, my dear. No more. In what way? Wait until you birth a child. You're a woman now. Do you have any idea what that means? A prospect that once delighted you, bringing little princes and princesses into the world, the greatest honor for a queen. Joffrey has always been difficult. Even his birth, I labored a day and a half to bring him into this world. You cannot imagine the pain. I screamed so loudly, I was sure Robert would hear me in the Kingswood. Robert was hunting. That was his custom. Whenever my time was near, my royal husband would flee to the trees with his huntsmen and his hounds. And when he returned, he would present me with some pelts or a stag's head, and I would present him with a baby. Not that I wanted him there, mind you. I had Grand Maester Pycelle, an army of midwives, and I had my brother. When they told Jaime he wasn't allowed in the birthing room, he smiled and asked which one of them proposed to keep him out. Joffrey will show you no such devotion. You may never love the king, but you will love his children. That's so very touching to hear. Permit me to share some womanly wisdom with you on this very special day. The more people you love, the weaker you are. You'll do things for them that you know you shouldn't do. You'll act the fool to make them happy, to keep them safe. Love no one but your children. On that front, a mother has no choice. You can try, little dove. Since I decided that I can't stand to look at any of my handmaidens for another instant. How many times can you read one raven scroll? More than we have. We have strong, high walls. We'll rain fire down on them from above. Why not? He has a good mind for strategy, doesn't he? I'm sure you'll make a point eventually. I'm not the one giving the boy whores to abuse. Did you? Do you think I haven't tried? He doesn't listen to me. I always hoped he'd be like Jaime. He looks like him. In a certain light. Robert was a drunken fool, but he didn't enjoy cruelty. Sometimes I wonder. What? If this is the price for what we've done, for our sins. The Targaryens wed brother and sister for hundreds of years, I know. That's what Jaime and I would say to each other in our moments of doubt. It's what I told Ned Stark when he was stupid enough to confront me. Half the Targaryens went mad, didn't they? What's the saying? "Every time a Targaryen is born, the Gods flip a coin." Odd little boy. You and Varys both. He's only a boy. He's not ready. Better than you. Some men have a gift for this sort of thing, some don't. His place is not on the battlefield. Do you think I'm an idiot? You shipped off my only daughter. And now you want to send my eldest son to the battlefield to die. Do you know why Varys is so dangerous? Because he doesn't have a cock. Perhaps I'm dangerous, too. You, on the other hand, are as big a fool as every other man. That little worm between your legs does half your thinking. Because I'm happy. Because I have your little whore. Such a droll little fellow. Tell me, have you married this one yet? No? Good. Father will be so pleased. Because a Lannister always pays her debts. You stole my only daughter, you plot to have Joffrey killed. For what? Your skill in battle? Pretty thing, your whore. Lovely body. The bruises will heal in time. Varys isn't the only one who hears whispers. Really, a Lannister lion necklace? You need to hide your secret whores more carefully. Oh? Well, you're the expert. Tell me. You're usually a better liar, baby brother. This one you like. You like her very much. Could it be love? Don't worry, she'll be treated gently enough. Unless Joffrey is hurt. And then every wound he suffers, she'll suffer, too. And if he dies, there isn't a man alive who could devise a more painful death for your little cunt. Would you like to see her? I thought you might. Ser Mandon, bring in my brother's whore. Get out. Your words are always wise and measured. You brought me something? I know what ten drops will bring. You may not. You must have a lot of work to do. I'm sure many brave men will need your wisdom soon. Be careful on the stairs, Grand Maester. There are so many. Sansa. I was wondering where our little dove had flown. You look pale, child. Is your red flower still blooming? Fitting, isn't it? The men will bleed out there and you will bleed in here. Pour Lady Sansa some wine. So? I didn't offer you water. Ser llyn? He's here to defend us. When the axes smash down those doors, you may be glad to have him. Guards we have paid. Should the city fall, they'll be the first ones out of the doors. The battle's first traitors. Have Ser llyn see to them. Put their heads on spikes outside the stables as a warning. The only way to keep the small folk loyal is to make certain they fear you more than they do the enemy. Remember that if you ever hope to become a queen. He is. Traitors are a danger to us all. More wine. Sansa, come here, little dove. What are you doing? You're perfect, aren't you? Praying. What are you praying for? Oh. On all of us? Even me? Even Joffrey? Oh, shut up, you little fool. Praying to the gods to have mercy on us all. The gods have no mercy. That's why they're gods. My father told me that when he caught me praying. My mother had just died, you see. I didn't really understand the concept of death, the finality of it. I thought that if I prayed very, very hard, the gods would return my mother to me. I was four. He believes in them, he just doesn't like them very much. One for her. Here. Sit. Drink. Not like that. Drink, girl. I should have been born a man. I'd rather face a thousand swords than be shut up inside with this flock of frightened hens. It was expected of me, as it will be of you if you ever become Joffrey's queen. If my wretched brother should somehow prevail, these hens will return to their cocks and crow of how my courage inspired them, lifted their spirits. You'd like that, wouldn't you? The Red Keep should hold for a time, long enough for me to go to the walls and yield to Lord Stannis in person. If it were anyone else outside those gates, I might have hoped for a private audience, but this is Stannis Baratheon. I'd have a better chance of seducing his horse. Have I shocked you, little dove? Tears aren't a woman's only weapon. The best one's between your legs. Learn how to use it. Drink. Do you have any notion of what happens when a city is sacked? No, you wouldn't, would you? If the city falls, these fine women should be in for a bit of a rape. Half of them will have bastards in their bellies come the morning. You'll be glad of your red flower then. When a man's blood is up, anything with tits looks good. A precious thing like you will look very, very good. A slice of cake just waiting to be eaten. When we were young, Jaime and I, we looked so much alike even our father couldn't tell us apart. I could never understand why they treated us differently. Jaime was taught to fight with sword and lance and mace, and I was taught to smile and sing and please. He was heir to Casterly Rock, and I was sold to some stranger like a horse to be ridden whenever he desired. And you will be Joffrey's. Enjoy. I don't think I know this one. Pretty. That's the worst curtsy I've ever seen. Here, it's not difficult. I mastered it when I was four. Straighten your back and bend. Better. You learn fast. How long have you been in Lady Sansa's service? When did you leave Lorath? I had a Lorathi handmaiden once. But she was a nobleman's daughter. You're not. When did you come to Westeros? From Lorathi commoner to the Red Keep in ten years, all without learning how to curtsy. I imagine that's a very interesting story. What's your name? Tell us a story, Shae. What news? Where is Joffrey? Bring him back inside at once. What? Bring him back to his chambers now. With the women and children? Do you want him to be mocked as a coward for the rest of his life? Now! When I told you about Ser llyn earlier, I lied. Do you want to hear the truth? You want to know why he's really here? He's here for us. Stannis may take the city, he may take the throne, but he will not take us alive. Where is my son? Why do I care what you want? Bring me- Shh! Be calm, my sweet. No one's going to hurt you. I'll tell you a story. You know the one about the mother lion and her little cub? They lived in the woods. Yes, my love. In the Kingswood, there lived a mother and her cub. She loved him very much. But there were other things that lived in the woods. Evil things. Like stags. And wolves. He could hear them howling in the night. The little cub was frightened. His mother said, "You are a lion, my son. You mustn't be afraid." For one day, all the beasts will bow to you. You will be king. All the stags will bow. All the wolves will bow. The bears in the north and the foxes of the south, all the birds in the sky and the beasts in the sea, they will all come to you, little lion, to rest a crown upon your head. And the cub said, "Will I be strong and fierce like my father?" Yes," said his mother. "You will be strong and fierce just like your father. I will keep you safe, my love. I promise you. Father. Your Grace, in the judgment of your Small Council, it would be neither proper nor wise for you to wed the daughter of a man beheaded for treason, a girl whose brother is in open rebellion against the throne as we speak. For the good of the realm, your councilors beg you to set Sansa Stark aside. It's your sister. The queen. Protecting me, I assume. Will you let me in? If I wanted to kill you, do you think I'd let a wooden door stop me? I'm not afraid of you, little brother. I wanted to see your face. They said you'd lost your nose, but it's not as gruesome as all that. I should hope so. The rebels came for Joffrey's head, they lost their own. Thanks to Father. No? Curious. Bit of a comedown from chamber of the Hand. But then I don't suppose you need much room. You're meeting Father today? Because I have hundreds of spies in my employ. The Master of Whisperers owes me a favor or two. Father told me. What do you want from him? You're going to make me cry. Because you've slandered me to Father before. You told him I had my guards beat that servant girl at Casterly Rock. I was nine, too. If I remember correctly, she never stole a necklace again. And what's this truth you plan on telling him today? Because you're a liar. I expect you'll tell lies about me, about Joffrey. You're a clever man, but you're not half as clever as you think you are. Yes, it suits you perfectly. I imagine you might be rather cold. You might find a bit of armor quite useful once you become queen. Perhaps before. Joffrey tells me you stopped your carriage at Flea Bottom on your way back from the sept this morning. An open heart is what you'll get in Flea Bottom if you're not careful, my dear. Not long ago, we were attacked by a mob there. We had a full complement of guards that didn't stop them. The king barely escaped with his life. You're right, of course. But you are your father's son. We can't all have a king's bravery. I'm sure she does. That's better. It makes you look very strong. Looks like a Tyrell rose. Give it to Margaery for her wedding gown. Should be more than enough fabric. Tell me what you think of her. Margaery. It is a good match, but what do you think of her? She's beautiful and intelligent. Her concern with the well-being of the common people is interesting. I only meant that to go out of your way to endanger yourself. Margaery Tyrell dotes on filthy urchins for a reason. She dresses like a harlot for a reason. She married a traitor and known degenerate like Renly Baratheon for a reason. You need to ask yourself I have no doubt you will prove equal to this challenge. Lord Baelish. I wonder if I might ask you for a favor. I have reason to believe that House Tyrell do not hold the crown's best interests at heart. My father's a practical man. He appreciates facts. And he appreciates those who aid his family, as you well know. He's almost as generous to those who help us as he is unpleasant towards those who don't. You have a good working relationship with the Tyrells. I thought you might look into it before you leave the capital. Thank you. And your best will prove better than when I asked you to locate Arya Stark? Yes, it is. She's flowered, I assure you. She and I have discussed it at length. You should be thanking the gods for this. This is more than you deserve. What do you mean? I will not. No, I won't do it. I am Queen Regent, not some broodmare. Father, don't make me do it again, please. We can have them both killed. Father doesn't discriminate. We're all being shipped off to hell together. The Tyrells were plotting to undermine our family. I did what I did to protect our family. I do admit it. If it weren't for your trick with the wildfire, Stannis would have sacked the city before Father got here. Our heads would still be rotting on the city gate. What do you want me to say? Probably. But not from Joffrey. He won't do anything now Father's here. Not the Tyrells. Soon they won't need to be afraid of him. Joffrey will belong to Margaery, the little doe-eyed whore. And so will his children and their children. History will be taken from our hands. When Jaime gets back, yes. But when do we think that's going to be? He's out there somewhere. Who's going to tell her? Radiant? Why radiant? You're a musical girl, aren't you? I imagine you have a lovely voice. Ah, but you know the song 'The Rains of Castamere'? So you know the story of House Reyne of Castamere? House Reyne was a powerful family. Very wealthy. The second wealthiest in Westeros. Aren't the Tyrells the second wealthiest family in Westeros now? Of course, ambitious climbers don't want to stop on the second highest rung. If only you could take that final step, you'd see further than all the rest. You'd be alone with nothing but blue sky above you. So Lord Reyne built a castle as grand as Casterly Rock. He gave his wife diamonds larger than any my mother ever wore. And finally one day, he rebelled against my father. Do you know where House Reyne is now? Gone. A gentle word. Why not say slaughtered? Every man, woman, and child put to the sword. I remember seeing their bodies hanging high above the gates of Casterly Rock. My father let them rot up there all summer. It was a long summer. 'And now the rains weep o'er their halls, and not a soul to hear.' If you ever call me sister again, I'll have you strangled in your sleep. Perhaps you could talk to your bride-to-be instead. Stay. Nobody cares what your father once told you. A joke. Joffrey did not mean it. Let him make his threats. Hmm? He's a bitter little man. Come along. We have so much to celebrate. A wedding to plan. You must rest. Come. Leave. So, enjoying married life? An unhappy wife is a wine merchant's best friend. Deserve? Be careful with that. Start trying to work out who deserves what and before long you'll spend the rest of your days weeping for each and every person in the world. I won't be marrying Ser Loras. You're not me. You want to make things better for Sansa? Give her a child. So she can have some happiness in her life. Not very. But if it weren't for my children, I'd have thrown myself from the highest window in the Red Keep. They're the reason I'm alive. Even Joffrey. He was all I had once. Before Myrcella was born. I used to spend hours looking at him. His wisps of hair. His tiny little hands and feet. He was such a jolly little fellow. You always hear the terrible ones were terrible babies. 'We should have known. Even then we should have known.' It's nonsense. Whenever he was with me, he was happy. And no one can take that away from me, not even Joffrey- how it feels to have someone. Someone of your own. Until we've dealt with all our enemies. Then I suppose it will go on for quite a long time. Such an ingrate. I spent days with the goldsmith - getting the details just right. Better part of an afternoon. There, how does that feel? Elegant, I think. Thank you for your help with the other matter. Gone completely. I am in your debt, Maester Qyburn. I've grown rather fond of him. He's quite talented, you know? Symptoms that are not your concern. You jealous? You think I'd let that old lecher put his hands on me? He smells like a dead cat. Well, they smell like Pycelle. Yes. Let's see, you started a brawl in the streets with Ned Stark and disappeared from the capital. My husband died in a tragic hunting accident. My only daughter was shipped off to Dorne. We suffered through a siege. A rather short siege that I didn't expect to survive. And now I'm marrying my eldest son to a wicked little bitch from Highgarden while I'm supposed to marry her brother, a renowned pillow biter. So... He can't disown you. You're all he's got. You don't really plan on staying in the Kingsguard, do you? Not now. Everything's changed. You come back after all this time with no apologies and one hand and expect everything to be the same? For leaving me. Don't know what you wanted. You weren't here. You left me alone. You took too long. I'm saying you took too long. Come in. She's the whore I told you about. The dark-haired one. He saw us. You're an example to us all. Did you just bow? Lady Brienne. You're Lord Selwyn Tarth's daughter. That makes you a lady whether you want to be or not. I owe you my gratitude. You returned my brother safely to King's Landing. Did he? Haven't heard that story before. I'm sure you have many fascinating stories. Sworn to Renly Baratheon. Sworn to Catelyn Stark. And now my brother. Must be exciting to flit from one camp to the next serving whichever lord or lady you fancy. But you love him. She'll do no such thing. You should see Qyburn. He's quite good. More repugnant than your gnarled fingers on that girl's thighs? My little brother had you sent to the Black Cells when you annoyed him. What do you think I could do to you if you annoyed me? But you are. You annoy me right now. Every breath you draw in my presence annoys me. So here's what I want you to do. I want you to leave my presence. Leave this wedding right now. Go to the kitchens and instruct them that all the leftovers from the feast will be brought to the kennels. The queen is telling you the leftovers will feed the dogs or you will. I suppose I am. Small pleasures. Can't say I've ever met a Sand before. No? How tolerant of you. I suppose you'll never know, Prince Oberyn. It's a shame your older brother couldn't attend the wedding. Help him! Someone help him! Joffrey! Joffrey! Joffrey! Don't touch him! Joffrey. Please, Joffrey. Joffrey, what is it? Help him! My son. He did this. He poisoned my son, your king. Take him. Take him! Take him! Take him! You did this. You did this! Take him! Take him! Where is his wife? Where's Sansa? Where is she?! This is hardly the place or the time. It was Tyrion. He killed him. He told me he would. "A day will come when you think you are safe and happy and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth." That's what he said to me. You saw it. You saw Joff point at him just before he... Avenge him. Avenge our son. Kill Tyrion. I don't want a trial. He'll squirm his way to freedom given the chance. I want him dead. Please, Jaime. You have to. He was our son. Our baby boy. Jaime, not here, please. Please. Stop it. Stop it. Stop. Stop it. Stop. Stop. Stop. It's not right. It's not right. It's not right. Don't. Don't. Jaime, don't. Your Grace. How formal of you. How many Kingsguards are posted outside Tommen's door? So one? You have one man guarding the future king? The way you protected Joffrey? Why did Catelyn Stark set you free? I've been wondering for months. Ever since that great cow brought you back to the capital. Why did she set you free? She hoped or did you promise? So you made a sacred vow to the enemy. You didn't mean it, then? You have no loyalty to Catelyn Stark? I know you went to see Tyrion. That creature who murdered our son. And? You've always pitied him. Our poor little brother. Abused by the world. Despised by his father and sister. He'd kill us all if he could. I want four men at Tommen's door day and night. That will be all, Lord Commander. There he is. Long may he reign. Yes. He wasn't, though, was he? You still mourn for Joffrey? He would have been your nightmare. You knew exactly what he was. I did, too. You never love anything in the world the way you love your first child. Doesn't matter what they do. And what he did, it shocked me. Do you think I'm easily shocked? The things he did shocked me. He's only a boy. A good boy. A decent boy. He always has been. Who was the last decent king, I wonder? He could be the first man who sits on that throne in fifty years to actually deserve it. He will need help... if he's going to rule well. A mother is not enough. You're still interested in being queen, I take it? Yes, speak to your father. I'll speak to mine. As soon as decency permits. After we've allowed Tommen the appropriate time to mourn his brother and Margaery to mourn her husband. That seems reasonable. Shortly after Tommen's. A fortnight. We had that in common. Then whom can we trust? Robert wasn't particularly rich. I suppose that explains why we did so well in the last one. Haven't a clue. Pounds, tons, ounces? That can't be. Then how do we pay for anything? How much? There must be someone at the Iron Bank you can speak to, come to some arrangement. Someone does work there. It is comprised of people. It's for the good of the family, I understand that. I'm not sure my brothers do. I respect that. We don't need to discuss it. The Lannister legacy is the only thing that matters. You've started wars to protect this family. Turned your back on Jaime for refusing to contribute to its future. What does Tyrion deserve for lighting that future on fire? Prince Oberyn. Writing letters? May I show you the gardens? No, you couldn't. I didn't realize you were a poet. For your paramour? You have several, don't you? Eight? Eight daughters? Beautiful name. Perhaps that's why she's difficult. The gods love their stupid jokes, don't they? You're a prince of Dorne. A legendary fighter. A brilliant man feared throughout Westeros. But you could not save your sister. I'm a Lannister. Queen for nineteen years. Daughter of the most powerful man alive. But I could not save my son. What good is power if you cannot protect the ones you love? Yes, we can avenge them. I know he did. We'll have a trial, anyway. I haven't seen my daughter in over a year. I want to believe that. I want to believe she's happy. Everywhere in the world, they hurt little girls. Would you bring her a gift for me? I wasn't there for her name day. I don't know when I'll see her again. The best shipwrights in King's Landing have been working on it for months. Myrcella loves the open water. Please tell her... her mother misses her very much. A coward and a traitor. Conquered with what? Baby dragons. Larger every year, Your Grace. He's an old man. He wasn't fit to protect my son. Don't tell me you're worried about a child halfway across the world. I will hurt you for this. A day will come when you think you are safe and happy and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth and you will know the debt is paid. Shortly before the Battle of Blackwater Bay. I confronted him about his plans to put Joffrey on the front lines. As it turned out, when the attack came, Joff insisted on remaining at the battlements. He believed his presence would inspire the troops. I discovered he'd been keeping whores in the Tower of the Hand. I asked him to confine his salacious acts to the brothel where such behavior belongs. He wasn't pleased. Ser Gregor. Welcome to the capital. Thank you for riding here so quickly. You seem to be in good form. Does it matter? Bloody Martells. You're dismissed, Grand Maester. Not anymore. You can save him? Do everything you can. Come to me with anything you need. Will it weaken him? Very well then. I'm opening it again. I will not. I don't care. I will stay in King's Landing where I belong with my son, the king. I'm not interested in hearing another one of your smug stories about the time you won. This isn't going to be one of those times. When you marched into the throne room to tell me we'd won the Battle at Blackwater, do you remember?! I was sitting on the iron throne with Tommen. I was about to give him essence of nightshade, that's how far I was willing to go when I thought someone awful had come to take my son away. Someone awful is coming to take him away. Joffrey is dead. Myrcella's been sold like livestock. And now you want to ship me off to Highgarden and steal my boy, my last boy. Margaery will dig her claws in and you will dig your claws in and you will fight over him like beasts until you rip him apart. I will burn our house to the ground before I let that happen. I'll tell everyone the truth. You don't know, do you? You never believed it. How is that possible? What am I saying, of course it's possible. How can someone so consumed by the idea of his family have any conception what his actual family was doing? We were right there in front of you and you didn't see us. One look in the past twenty years, one real look and you wouldo ve known. Everything they say is true. About Jaime and me. Your legacy is a lie. Yes you do. Jaime. For my family, no. I would do things for my family you couldn't imagine. He's not. I do, so do you. You can choose the creature that killed our mother to come into this world- A disease doesn't decide to kill you, all the same you cut it out before it does. What do you decide? What do you choose? I choose you. Yes. Like the ones I just said to father. I told him. I told him about us. I told him I wouldn't marry Loras Tyrell. I told him I'm staying right here with Tommen, with you. Go and ask him. I don't want to talk about Tywin Lannister. I don't choose Tywin Lannister, I don't love Tywin Lannister. I love my brother. I love my lover. People will whisper, they'll make their jokes. Let them. They're all so small I can't even see them. I only see what matters. I don't care. Why not? He'll never know we've been gone. You don't need to be afraid of my father. Yes. Of course we should. No. They said that you were terrifying. With cat's teeth and three eyes. You're not terrifying. You're boring. I know you're a witch and you can see the future. Tell me mine. This is my father's land. My land. Tell me my future or I'll have your two boring eyes gouged out of your head. I've been promised to the prince. When will we marry? But I will be queen? Will the king and I have children? That doesn't make sense. They will keep waiting. I want a moment alone with him. They will wait. He never wanted you to be a King's Guard, but here you are, protecting his dead body. They? They had nothing to do with it. The man who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he's the enemy. I've been telling you for years, you've been defending him for years… and now our father is dead. And that little monster is out there somewhere drawing breath. Did you set him free? Tyrion may be a monster but at least he killed our father on purpose. You killed him by mistake. With stupidity. You're a man of action, aren't you? When it occurs to you to do something you do it, nevermind the consequences. Take a look. Look at the consequences. Here they are. He loved you more than anyone in this world. Thank you so much for your kind words. Cousin Lancel. I hardly recognized you. Uncle, it's quite alright. I'm sure he'll grow out of it. Whatever it is. Excuse me. Your wounds from the Blackwater seem to have healed. What can I do for you? What could you possibly have done to warrant my forgiveness? I doubt you've ever led anyone anywhere. I don't know what you're talking about. The day Tywin Lannister's soul needs your help… There are only two like it in the world Of course it's a threat! Our daughter's in Dorne surrounded by people who hate our family. "It's a threat." They blame us for the death of Oberyn and his sister, and every other tragedy that's befallen their cursed country. I will burn their cities to the ground if they touch her! What? Our daughter's in danger, and you're worried I'm speaking too loudly! Then don't call her your daughter. You've never been a father to her. And what has your caution brought? Our eldest child murdered at his own wedding. Our only daughter shipped off to Dorne. Our baby boy sent to marry that smirking whore from Highgarden. You never made anything better. You can't just ask Prince Doran to give her back! She's promised his son. You go there with an army, it's an act of war. Oberyn mentioned the Water Gardens. You're going to Dorne? A one-handed man? Alone? Not him. That won't be necessary, Ser Meryn. I don't want to dissuade the other hunters. Mistakes will be made. Take the head. Very good. No, Uncle. Clearly it would not be appropriate for a woman to assume that role. I'm merely advising my son until he comes of age and chooses a Hand for himself. You're a good man, Lord Tyrell, but I don't imagine you'll have the time. In addition to being Master of Ships, the king has appointed you Master of Coin. He called your experience and wisdom in financial matters unparalleled. He said he would be honored to have you represent the crown's interests in the same. The King has named Qyburn the new Master of Whisperers. The qualification of loyalty, Grand Maester. That's far more than the eunuch ever had. Far more than many ever have. Uncle Kevan, in light of your position as commander of the Lannister armies, it would please the king if you would serve as his Master of War. No man living better deserves the title. The king is very busy at this moment. He is learning. On this occasion, in his capacity as ruler, he's asked me to speak on his behalf. My brother has left the capital to lead a sensitive diplomatic mission. That is not your concern as Master of War. You would abandon your king in his time of need? You look very much in love. The first days of marriage are often so blissful. She's certainly very pretty, isn't she? Like a doll, she smiles quite a lot. Do you think she's intelligent? I can't quite tell. Not that it matters. There's nothing for me in Casterly Rock. Why are we speaking of Casterly Rock? This is my real home now. Where my family lives. I know that. I know you do, my sweet boy. Don't you look lovely. Marriage agrees with you. No, no. I, I can't stay. I just wanted to let you know if, there is ever anything I can do for you. Tommen seems quite taken with his new queen. Good. Good. I'm glad to hear you're happy. I'll leave you to it then. . There's no need for such formalities. Won't that be a lovely day. Remember. Anything you need. You were assaulted? What do you want from us, High Septon? And where do I find this man? This High Sparrow? Nonsense, Ser Meryn. These are deeply religious people. . Where can I find the High Sparrow? A young man said I would find the High Sparrow back here. Where is he? Why no shoes? Is that why you came to King's Landing? To remind everyone? Perhaps they're right. An unacceptable way to treat the chosen representative of the Gods in this world, wouldn't you say? The High Septon came to speak to me today. He doesn't want me to arrest you, he wants me to execute you. My thoughts on the matter align with your own. The High Septon's behaviour was corrosive, as was his attitude. Having a man like that reside in the Sept eats away the Faith from the inside. So now he resides in the Red Keep's dungeons instead. . The Faith and the Crown are the two pillars that hold up this world. If one collapses, so does the other. We must do everything necessary to protect one another. Send a raven with this message to Littlefinger in the Eyrie, or wherever he's slithering about. . How's your work coming along? You've made progress? Very good. I'll leave you to it then. Make sure Littlefinger is clear on the meaning of the word "immediately". How much can the Crown afford? You're the Master of Coin. How do we pay them? You've already given us too much. . No, we must arrange better terms with the Iron Bank. In person. We must send an envoy to the Iron Bank, someone of importance, to show these bankers our respect. As the King's Master of Coin, I can think of no one more qualified. The King has expressed concern about his father-in-law's safety on this voyage. . He's ordered Ser Meryn to personally lead your escort. Safe travels, Lord Tyrell. Not small enough. May I offer you some wine, Your Holiness? The old High Septon would have asked the vintage. . Hmm. All over Westeros we hear about septs being burned. Silent sisters raped. Bodies of holy men piled in the streets. Perhaps the Gods need a sword of their own. . In the days before the Targaryens, the Faith Militant dispensed the justice of the Seven. If I explain the holy purpose to my son, the king, I have no doubt he will sign a decree arming the believers you felt worthy. An army and service to the Gods themselves. And to you, of course. As the chosen representative of the Seven. Which is why you were chosen. . You and I both know how the world works. Too often the wicked are the wealthiest, beyond the reach of justice. The king himself cannot always punish those who deserve it most. What would you say if I told you we have a great sinner in our very midst? Shielded by gold and privilege. Did I arrest him? I did. And your wife has every right to criticize. . Can't allow fanatics to arrest the Queen's brother, no matter his perversions. I told you I am not holding Ser Loras. You're the King. I'm sure if you speak to the High Sparrow, he'll release the poor boy. The Faith arrested the heir to Highgarden. The King's orders. Is the King to blame for Ser Loras' perversion? House Tyrell won't tolerate it? I'm the insulted party, Lord Baelish. Ser Loras was promised to me, instead he chose the company of boys. Most curious. Lysa Arryn for instance. A sorrily repellent woman. Forgive me. I know you're still in mourning. She was neither of those things, we both know it. Still, I pity her son. How fortunate that the young Lord of the Vale has a new father to counsel him. If war comes to Westeros will the Knights of the Veil fight for their king? Good. If there's nothing else. That's not possible. Roose Bolton is Warden of the North by the grace of my father. We were fools to trust a turncloak. I will skin him and his bastard like that wretch on that bloody sigil. Patience? Sansa helped murder my son, Roose Bolton is a traitor. Winterfell is 1,000 miles away from here. The weather has already begun to turn. My Uncle Kevan has all the courage of a kitchen mouse. Jaime is away on a sensitive diplomatic mission. I've no idea when he'll be back. Forgive me Lord Baelish, you have a reputation as a money lender and brothel keeper, not a military man. And if you succeed? I'll speak to the king this evening. Have him issue a royal decree. And I'll l know you're a man of your word when I see Sansa Stark's head on a spike. You must be exhausted. Ah, yes, the famously tart-tongued queen of thorns. Beg your pardon. If you apologize for that comment perhaps-- I was as shocked as anyone when The Faith arrested Ser Loras. I have no love for these fanatics. But what can the queen mother do? I assure you our alliance with House Tyrell remains-- As I said, i didn't imprison anyone. As for your veiled threats-- The Lannister-Tyrell alliance brought peace to a war-torn country. Do you really want to see the Seven Kingdoms slide back into warfare? House Lannister has no rival. The High Septon has called for an inquest, not a trial. Just a small hearing to determine whether the charges against Loras have merit, which I'm sure they don't. Loras will be freed, our happy alliance will continue, and we'll forget this unfortunate conversation ever happened. Good day, Lady Olenna. This testimony is an insult to a great house. Why should The Faith or anyone else take the word of a squire over the heir to Highgarden? Starving yourself won't make things any better for her, my love. No matter who you are, no matter how strong you are, sooner or later, you'll face circumstances beyond your control. You know as well as I do who the first casualty in that war would be. We must be strong for those we love. We cannot give in to despair. Let me speak to him on your behalf. The king cannot dirty sully himself negotiating with an unwashed fanatic. Your happiness is all I want in this world No you don't. You can't possibly. Not until you have children of your own. I would do anything for you. Anything to keep you from harm. I would burn cities to the ground. That is all that matters. You and your sister. From the moment you came into this world, my boy. My only boy. This is horrible. Unacceptable. Are they feeding you enough at least? I brought you this. Venison. It's quite good. I had it myself for supper only last night. We did everything we could from the moment they took your brother. Tommen even went to the sept himself to confront the high sparrow, but I fear The Faith has left reason behind. We are making every effort on your behalf. I swear to you by all the seven gods. You're upset. You're not thinking clearly. I'll visit again when you've had a chance to calm down. I do hope you change your mind about that. I've been told men often go mad in the Black Cells below the Red Keep, but I suppose your isolation will end once your trial begins. Yes, I'm afraid I must. My son needs me now more than ever. Sleep well, sister. Yes. Her accommodations seem sufficient. What happens to her now? Who will stand judge? Will you be one of them? If one or both of them were to confess before the trial… What does The Mother's mercy entail? Thank you High Septon for bringing them whatever justice they deserve in the eyes of the Seven. I think I may have heard at one point. I'm afraid i don't. Move. Let me go immediately. You will order her to let me go! I am the queen! I am the queen! Have you lost your mind? Let me go! You filthy… I am the queen! Let me go! Look at me. Look at my face. It's the last thing you'll see before you die. My son. Let me speak to-- My face will be the last thing you see before-- The charges? All lies. I wish you'd said it sooner. Any word from Jaime? Tell him I need to speak to him. What about my son, the king? If you can visit me then surely the king-- You need to talk to him, you need to talk to my son to come and see me, come and see his mother. I can't stay here. Confess? To the High Sparrow? I won't. I made him. I rose him up from nothing, I will not kneel before some barefooted commoner and beg his forgiveness. I'll get out of here, you realize. Before long. I can make you a wealthy woman. A lady of the court. I can make sure you die in the most hideous way imaginable, and all I do is sit here imagining ways for you to die. I have sinned. I see that now. How could I have been so blind for so long. I want to be clean again. I want absolution. The Crone came to me with her lamp raised high, and with its holy light-- Once I've confessed, will I be free? The Mother have mercy then. I lay with a man outside the bonds of marriage, I confess. Lancel Lannister. I was lonely and afraid. A husband of whoring every chance he got. May the gods forgive me. No. I do. A lie. A lie from the lips of Stannis Baratheon. He wants the Throne, but his brother's children stand in his way, so he claims they are not his brothers'. The filth. There is not one shred of truth to it. I deny it. Trial? I have confessed? I bow to the wisdom of your High Holiness. But if I might beg for just one drop of the Mother's mercy. I haven't seen my son… I don't know how long it's been. I need to see him. Please. Thank you. Thank you. I will, I will. I swear it, day and night. Am I free to go? My atonement? Myrcella… Do you remember the first time you saw a dead body? All I could think about when she died was what would happen to her now Every day, every night, what does Mama look like now? Has she started to bloat? Has her skin turned black? Have her lips peeled back from her teeth? I think about locking Myrcella in a crypt I think about her beautiful little face starting to collapse I have to I have to It's not right she has to suffer alone She was good From her first breath, she was so sweet I don't know where she came from She was nothing like me No meanness, no jealous, just good I thought if I could make something so good, so pure...maybe I'm not a monster No, I knew this would happen The witch told me years ago She promised me three children She promised me they'd die “And gold their shrouds” Everything she said came true You couldn't have stopped it It's prophecy It's fate Of course I do You told me yourself when Father died You said we had to stay together You said people would try to tear us apart, take what's ours That was a prophecy, too I didn't listen to you, and everything you said came true Get out of my way What are the king's orders? You're barring me from attending my own daughter's funeral? I would like to speak to my son Did they put her in the red gown or the gold? Good It was always her color I understand I'm glad to see you It's all right Always Varys's little birds The High Sparrow has hundreds of Faith Militant surrounding him Ser Gregor will can't face them all And he won't have to He'll only have to face one Not yet Don't stop at the city I want little birds in Dorne, in Highgarden, in the North If someone is planning on making our losses their gains I want to hear it If someone is laughing at the queen who walk naked through the streets covered in shit, I want to hear I want to know who they are I want to where they are Why are you here Thank you for bringing it up It's well past time we addressed the abuses I endured Grand Maester Pycelle, would you sanction that statement? What about Myrcella's death, Uncle? Do you consider the murder of your own blood a troublesome issue? And seeing as you cannot make us leave, we best get on with it is walking down the hall to TOMMEN's chamber. She hears MAESTER PYCELLE talking. enters the room What are you doing here? Leave. Is this a Small Council meeting? Since I've missed the past several Small Coucil meetings, I wanted to speak to you about a few things. As have we all, unfortunately. Look at me. What did they do to me? To the king's own mother? It's all right. It's done. It's in the past. And of course Margaery's safety is paramount. Whether I like her or not is completely unimportant. Margaery is the queen. Queens must command respect. Kings even more so. Not just for their own sake, but for everyone's. The High Sparrow has no respect for kings or queens. No respect for anything in this world. He has no use for the things of this world. He want to knock them down and replace them with what? With fantasies. With beggars in the street. With nothing. You've spoken with him? It would be a breach of confidence which he would not take lightly, given his constant prattling about the truth. I am your mother. You can always trust me. The Small Council meeting has been postponed on the king's orders. You once spoke of your respect for our father because he understood the necessity of working with one's rivals. The High Sparrow seized power knowing full well we'd bicker amongst ourselves instead of seizing it back. Here we are. Well done to us. Now the future of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands. In a few days, he'll have a trial for me. But before that, Queen Margaery will make her walk of atonement. Yes, Margaery will repent her sins before the good people of the city. I agree. You hate these fanatics as much as we do. You hate what they've done to your son. Do you want Lancel back or have you given him up for good? Then stand aside and let the people that took him from you be destroyed. BEtter you're elsewhere at the head of an army than in the sept dungeons. What, then? You can't. We should treat them without mercy and we will. But if you kill the High Sparrow, you won't leave the sept alive. And without you, this is all for nothing. Stand at the head of our army where you belong, where Father wanted you. Show our men where their loyalties belong. Show them what lannisters are, what we do to our enemies. And take that stupid little castle back because it's ours and because you can. It will be a trial by combat. I have the Mountain. They've made us both stronger, all of them. They have no idea how strong we are. No idea what we're going to do to them. We've always been together. We'll always be together. We're the only two people in the world. I heard you were leaving King's Landing. Your grandson is still a prisoner. You'll leave him rotting in a cell? You're right. I made a terrible mistake. I carry it with me every single day. I delivered an army of fanatics onto our doorstep. And now we must fight them together. We need each other. You love your granddaughter. I love my son. It's the only truth I know. We must defend them. Never. I'll never leave my son. Have been permitted? That's rather a tortured way of putting it. Who permitted them inside the Red Keep? The king is aware of their presence? His Holiness the High Septon is welcome to see me here in the Red Keep. It is a request, Cousin Lancel. You are asking me for something, I'm refusing. He promised me I could stay in the Red Keep until my trial. Get out. I choose violence. Please tell His High Holiness he's always welcome to visit. There's to be a royal announcement? Why wasn't I informed? To stand by my son. And? Was it just a rumor or something more? Confess. Confess. Confess. Confess. It felt good. Beating me, starving me, frightening me, humiliating me. You didn't do it because you cared about my atonement. You did it because it felt good. I understand. I do things because they feel good. I drink because it feels good. I killed my husband because it felt good to be rid of him. I fuck my brother because it feels good to feel him inside me. I lie about fucking my brother… because it feels good to keep our son safe from hateful hypocrites. I killed your High Sparrow… and all his little sparrows… all his septons, all his septas, all his filthy soldiers, because it felt good to watch them burn. It felt good to imagine their shock and their pain. No thought has ever given me greater joy. Even confessing feels good under the right circumstances. You've always been quiet. I said my face would be the last thing you saw before you died. Do you remember? What? Now? Today? You're not going to die today. You're not going to die for quite a while. Ser Gregor. This is Ser Gregor Clegane. He's quiet, too. Your gods have forsaken you. This is your god now. Shame. Show me. He should be with his grandfather, his brother, his sister. Burn him and bury his ashes where the sept once stood. Its what we've been waiting for our whole lives. It's what Father trained us for, whether he knew it or not. It's ours now, we just have to take it. You've been quiet since you came home. Are you angry with me? Are you afraid of me? Daenerys Targaryen has chosen Tyrion to be her Hand. Right now, they're sailing across the Narrow Sea, hoping to take back her father's throne. Our little brother, the one you love so much, the one you set free, the one who murdered our father and our first-born son, now he stands beside our enemies and gives them counsel. He's out there somewhere at the head of an armada. Where will they land? Enemies to the east. Enemies to the south--Ellaria Sand and her brood of bitches. Enemies to the west--Olenna, the old cunt. Another traitor. Enemies to the north. Ned Stark's bastard has been named King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him. Enemies everywhere. We're surrounded by traitors. You're in command of the Lannister army now. How do we proceed? Will the Tyrell bannermen stand alongside a Dothraki horde and Unsullied slave soldiers? I'm the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms. I understand we're in a war for survival. I understand whoever loses dies. I understand whoever wins could launch a dynasty that lasts a thousand years. A dynasty for us, then. There's nothing to say. He betrayed me. He betrayed us both. Should we spend our days mourning the dead--mother, father, and all our children? I loved them. I did. But they're ashes now and we're still flesh and blood. We're the last Lannisters, the last ones who count. I heard. How could we ever trust a man like that? You think I listened to Father for 40 years and learned nothing? Not all of them. I invited Euron Greyjoy, the new King of the Iron Islands. You said yourself we needed stronger, better allies. There you are. So does everyone when it suits them. Unlike the Freys, they have ships. And they're good at killing. Euron Greyjoy didn't come here for that. A queen. If not the most humble. What do you want in return? I decline your proposal. You're not trustworthy. You've broken promises to allies before and murdered them at the nearest opportunity. You murdered your own brother. If the Mad King's daughter takes the Iron Throne, she will destroy the Realm as we know it. Some of you are bannermen of House Tyrell. But House Tyrell is in open rebellion against the Crown. With their help the Mad King's daughter has ferried an army of savages to our shores. Mindless Unsullied soldiers who will destroy your castles and your holdfasts. Dothraki heathens who will burn your villages to the ground, rape and enslave your women, and butcher your children without a second thought. This is how Olenna Tyrell rewards centuries of service and loyalty. You all remember the Mad King. You remember the horrors he inflicted upon his people. His daughter is no different. In Essos her brutality is already legendary. She crucified hundreds of noblemen in Slaver's Bay. And when she grew bored of that, she fed them to her dragons. It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will but I need your help, My Lords. We must stand together, all of us, if we hope to stop her. No, I can't say I have. I haven't seen these since Robert had them removed from the Throne Room. They were his trophies. He couldn't keep them around. They would have made him look small. Sometimes he would come down here and look at them. I believe he brought his whores on occasion. You've proven yourself the greatest captain on the 14 seas and a true friend to the crown. And you deserve a proper reward for your heroism. You shall have what your heart desires -- when the war is won. With Euron Greyjoy commanding our naval forces and Jaime Lannister leading our armies, the sons and daugters of Westeros shall defend our country. I want you to know I understand. Even though we're enemies, you and I, I understand the fear that drives you. I was there that day when Ser Gregor crushed your lover's head. I close my eyes I can hear the sound of Oberyn's skull breaking. The sound of your scream. I never heard a sound like that. I thought, that's true love. Oberyn looked beautiful that day. He really did. No one moved like him. No one had such skill with a spear. Even Ser Gregor couldn't stop him. If only he hadn't taunted him. He could have walked away and left poor Ser Gregor to die. But that wasn't your lover's way, was it? Now he's burried somewhere. And here Ser Gregor is stronger than ever. That must be difficult for you. When my daughter was taken from me, my only daughter, well, you can't imagine how that feels unless you've lost a child. I fed her at my own breast even though they told me to give her to the wet nurse. I couldn't bear to see her in another woman's arms. I never got to have a mother. But Myrcella did. She was mine and you took her from me. Why did you do that? It doesn't matter now. Your daughter is a beauty too. Brown eyes, those lips. A perfect Dornish beauty. I imagine she is your favorite. I know, I know, we're not supposed to have favorites. But still, we're only human. We love who we love. I'm sorry. I can't understand you. The gag makes it difficult to understand what you're saying. It must be frustrating. We all make our choices. You chose to murder my daughter. You must have felt powerful after you made that choice. Do you feel powerful now? I don't sleep very well, not at all really. I lie in bed and I stare at the canopy and imagine ways of killing my enemies. How to destroy Ellaria Sand, the woman who murdered my only daughter. I thought about having Ser Gregor crush your skull the way he did Oberyn's. It would be poetic I suppose but fast. Too fast. I thought about having him crush your daughter's skull. She's so beautiful. The thought of this lovely face cracking open like a duck egg, no, it's just not right. Qyburn, he's the cleverest man I know. Clever enough to learn what poison you used to murder Myrcella. The long goodbye, was that it? That's the one. How long does the poison take? But death is certain? Your daughter will die here in this cell. You will be here watching when she does. You will be here the rest of your days. If you refuse to eat we will force food down your throat. You will live to watch your daughter rot, to watch that beautiful face collapse to bone and dust all the while contemplating the choices you've made. Make sure the guards change the torches every few hours. I don't want her to miss a thing. I am queen of the Seven Kingdoms. I'll do as I please. Good. And we'll need fresh sheets for the bed. The Iron Bank didn't send you hear to offer condolences. The destruction of the Sept of Baelor was a tragic accident. The Iron Bank wants its gold back. And we both know gold wins wars. Your vaults are empty. Your late husbando s profligacy saw to that. And the Iron Bank wants to bet on a winner. That's a fancy way of saying bet. The war has already begun. I've drawn first blood. I decapitated the Dornish snake. My armada owns the Narrow Sea. Euron Greyjoy is loyal to me. Her dragons might not be as invulnerable as some think. Now, let's talk about the Targaryen girl. You want to invest in her? I'm guessing the Iron Bank invested considerable gold in the slave trade. How are you profits now that Daenerys has freed all the slaves? From what I gather she considers herself more of a revolutionary that a monarch. In your experience how do bankers usually fare with revoltionaries? The Lannisters owe the Iron Bank quite a lot of money but Lannisters always pay their debts. Do former slaves or Dothraki or dragons? Give me a fortnight. Stay in King's Landing as my honored guest and when you return to Braavos I swear to you my debt will be paid in full. and TYCHO NESTORIS from the Iron Bank of Braavos are sitting having a discussion. You're too kind, My Lord. Is on its way. My brother is supervising its transportation himself. We must devise a way to raise their spirits. My only venture at the moment is reestablishing control over this continent and every person on it. It will indeed. I need to expand my armies, my navies. My hand, Qyburn, had made overtures to the Golden Company in Essos. That's good to hear. I too would like them to recover some things that belong to me. How many men did we lose? It's armies that win wars. We have the Tyrell gold, we have the Iron Bank behind us. We can buy mercenaries. They're not the same as our men but they'll fight if they're well paid, which they will be. So what do we do? Sue for peace? I sit on her father's throne, the father you betrayed and murdered. And in her mind she's winning. What sort of offer do you think she'd make? turns and walks away from JAIME. Maybe we can count on Tyrion to intercede on our behalf by way of apology for murdering our father and our son. You saw the crossbow, you saw his body. After all this time it still amazes me -- And this was before or after she drank the poison you so kindly provided her? And you believed her? looks away, then sits down. I shouldn't have listened to you. She should have died screaming. So we fight and die or we submit and die. I know my choice. A soldier should know his. That won't be necessary. He's Hand of the Queen. Why are you here? pauses for a moment making JAIME uncomfortable. What did our brother have to say? To discuss a surrender? She just won a great victory. Why would she want a truce now? smirks and looks away from JAIME. Are you going to punish him? Bronn. He betrayed you. He set up a meeting without your knowledge or consent. Do you think anything of importance happens in this city without me knowing? I've come to believe that accomodation with the Dragon Queen could be in our immediate interest. She has the numbers. If we want to beat her we have to be clever. We have to fight her like father would have. Dead men, dragons and Dragon Queens, whatever stands in our way we will defeat it ourselves for our house. For this. lifts her hands from the chair and places them both on her stomach indicating she's pregnant. JAIME looks shocked. You. stands from her chair and walks in front of JAIME. Do you remember what father used to say about people? Never betray me again. Why isn't she with them? And the rest of them? Including our brother. If anything goes wrong, kill the silver-haired bitch first, then our brother, then the bastard who calls himself king. Where is she? Didn't travel with you? We've been here for some time. Sit down or leave. So instead, we should settle our differences and live together in harmony for the rest of our days? Then why are we here? I imagine for most of them it would be an improvement. I don't think it's serious at all. I think it's another bad joke. If my brother Jaime has informed me correctly, you're asking me for a truce. That's all? Pull back my armies and stand down while you go on your monster hunt. Or while you solidify and expand your position. Hard for me to know which it is with my armies pulled back until you return and march on my capital with four times the men. The word of a would-be usurper. What are you talking about? He's right to be afraid. And a coward to run. If those things come for us, there will be no kingdoms to rule. Everything we suffered will have been for nothing. Everything we lost will have been for nothing. The crown accepts your truce. Until the dead are defeated, they are the true enemy. In return, the King I would never ask it of you. You would never agree to it. And if you did, I would trust you even less than I do now. I ask it only of Ned Stark's son. I know Ned Stark's son. Then there is nothing left to discuss. The dead will come north first. Enjoy dealing with them. We will deal with whatever is left of you. I shouldn't be surprised, I suppose. She's your kind of woman a foreign whore who doesn't know her place. So you bring her here with her pet Northerner, whom you've convinced to bow down before her. And now you've got them both working towards the same goal, the goal you've worked towards your entire life. the destruction of this family. You killed our father Oh, poor little man. Your papa was mean to you. Do you have any idea what you did when you fired that crossbow? You left us open. You laid us bare for the vultures, and the vultures came and tore us apart. You may not have killed Joffrey, but you killed Myrcella, you killed Tommen. No one wouldo ve touched them if Father-- I will not hear it, not from you. I will not hear it! I will not It doesn't matter. Your love doesn't matter. Your feelings don't matter. I don't care why you did what you did. I only care what it cost us. It cost us our future. Not to help my enemies collaborate in my destruction. What did you hope for? To make Jon Snow submit to your queen. But eventually, you want everyone to bend the knee to her. Why? You said she'd destroy King's Landing. That's the difference between you. I don't care about checking my worst impulses. I don't care about making the world a better place. Hang the world. That thing you dragged here, I know what it is, I know what it means. And when it came at me, I didn't think about the world. Not at all. As soon as it opened its mouth, the world disappeared for me, right down its black throat. All I could think about was keeping those gnashing teeth away from the ones who matter most, away from my family. Maybe Euron Greyjoy had the right idea. Get on a boat, take those who matter. My armies will not stand down. I will not pull them back to the capital. I will march them north to fight alongside you in the Great War. The darkness is coming for us all. We'll face it together. And when the Great War is over, perhaps you'll remember I chose to help with no promises or assurances from any of you. I expect not. Call our banners. All of them. Ser Jaime. My lords, I need a moment with my brother. What are you doing? Expedition north? I always knew you were the stupidest Lannister. The Starks and Targaryens have united against us, and you want to fight alongside them? Are you a traitor or an idiot? I'll say whatever I need to say to ensure the survival of our house. You expect me to trust the man who murdered our father. I saw it burn. If dragons can't stop them, if Dothraki and Unsullied and Northmen can't stop them, how will our armies make a difference? And I intend to stay amongst the living. Let the Stark boy and his new queen-- Our child will rule Westeros. The monsters are real. The white walkers, the dragons, the Dothraki screamers all the frightening stories we heard when we were young, they're all real. So be it. Let the monsters kill each other. And while they battle in the North, we take back the lands that belong to us. And then we rule. The Targaryens and the Starks already want to kill us all. Most of them will die in the North. How many dragons did you see at the pit? What happened to the third? She came here with her dragons and her Dothraki and her Unsullied. She came here to show us all her power. No, something happened.The dragons are vulnerable. No, we have something better. We have the Iron Bank. You shouldo ve listened more when Father-- Do you really think Euron Greyjoy turned tail and sailed back to the Iron Islands? Do you think he abandoned the chance to marry the queen? And you conspired with Tyrion, the man who murdered our father without telling me, your queen. You met with him in secret without my consent. You planned to promote my enemies' interests. That is the definition of conspiracy. And that will be treason. Disobeying your queen I told you no one walks away from me. There's one more yet to come. Good. Twenty-thousand men, is it? Horses? And elephants? That's disappointing. I was told the Golden Company had elephants. In any event, you are most welcome here in King's Landing, Captain Strickland. You are a true friend of the crown and an honored guest. After the war. That was our agreement. You want a whore, buy one. You want a queen, earn her. You're insolent. I've executed men for less. I wanted those elephants. You're insulting my late husband? Robert had a different whore every night, but he still didn't know his way around a woman's body. You enjoy risking your neck, don't you? You're not boring, I'll give you that. You might be the most arrogant man I've ever met. I like that. But now I want to be alone. All we need is one good shot. The Iron Fleet hold Blackwater Bay. Euron killed one of her dragons. He can kill another. Our men will fight harder than sellswords ever could. They will defend their queen to the last man. The Red Keep has never fallen. It won't fall today. The Red Keep is the safest place in the city. Ser Gregor, stay by my side. Ser Gregor, I command you. You're hurt. You're bleeding. I want our baby to live. I want our baby to live. I want our baby to live. Don't let me die, Jaime. Please don't let me die. Please don't let me die. I don't want to die. Not like this. Not like this. Not like this. 
