We've been his guests for over a year and he's never asked us for anything. No. I don't want to be his queen. I want to go home. I don't know. Thank you, ser. Are you from my country? Thank you, Magister. She's beautiful. … Ser Jorah, I don't know how to say ‘thank you' in Dothraki. Do you know the Common Tongue? Is ‘no' the only word that you know? Isn't there anything else? Have you ever seen a dragon? Everywhere? Even in the east? The moon? Leave me with her. Why did the trader from Garth tell you these stories? How old were you? Nine?! Can you teach me how to make the Khal happy? Will it take three years? Finish a man? Well, she sounds like an interesting woman. I don't think that Drogo will like it with me on top. I don't think that this is the Dothraki way. No. No. Tonight I would look upon your face. From whom? Tell them all to stop. Until I command them otherwise. Not a Queen. A Khaleesi. No! Please please, don't hurt him. Tell him I don't want my brother harmed. What are you doing? It's a boy. I know. These are my people now. You shouldn't call them savages. If my brother was given an army of Dothraki, could you conquer the Seven Kingdoms? But if they did? And you know these men? You sold slaves. Why? And where is she now? Hush now. It's all right. Irri, take her and leave us. Why did you hit her?! I wasn't commanding you. I just wanted to invite you to supper. It's a gift. I had it made for you. Please. Stop - stop it. You've no right to a braid. You've won no victories yet. I am a Khaleesi of the Dothraki! I am the wife of the great Khal and I carry his son inside me. The next time you raise a hand to me will be the last time you have hands. I hit him. I hit the dragon. He is still the true King. No. But the common people are waiting for him. Illyrio said they're sewing dragon banners and praying for his return. What do you pray for, Ser Jorah? I pray for home too. My brother will never take back the Seven Kingdoms. He couldn't lead an army even if my husband gave him one. He'll never take us home. You're hurt. A prince rides inside me! And he shall be called Rhaego! Stop him. Viserys, please. He says yes. You shall have a golden crown, that men shall tremble to behold. No. He was no dragon. Fire cannot kill a dragon. According to the prophecy, the stallions will ride to the ends of the world. The earth does not end at the sea, there are many dirts beyond the sea. Lands, yes... It's not a chair. It's a... A chair for a King to sit upon, or a Queen. Can't you help me make him understand? My brother was a fool, I know, but he was the rightful heir to the Seven Kingdoms. And because he had dragons. You don't believe it. My son already has his name, but I'll try your summerwine. Rise. I'd still like to taste that wine. You honor me, Ser. I hope to repay your kindness someday. Is something wrong? Do as he says. You will drink. I thought he'd leave me alone, now that my brother is gone. He will not have my son. My lord… My sun and stars… Drogo. He's tired, that's all. He needs to rest. We've ridden far enough today. We'll camp here. We'll camp here. Tell them Khal Drogo commanded it. Find Mirri Maz Duur. Bring her to me. Bring her to me unharmed or Khal Drogo will hear why you denied me. Come. He's very strong. No one understands how strong he is. He can't. He can't. l won't let him. l won't leave him. Even if he dies, why would l run? l am khaleesi, and my my son will be khal after Drogo. Stop it! l don't want her hurt. l have never been nothing. l am the blood of the dragon. l think you should wear your armor tonight, ser. And now you must save him. Save him and l will free you. l swear it. You must know a way. Some – some magic. Do it. Save him. You'll have gold, whatever you want. My death? Kill her and you kill your khal. l am your khaleesi. l tell you what is forbidden. Take her and leave. Take her! No one will enter. Bring him back to me. l have to save him. This must be. No, you can't. The baby – is coming. Ser Jorah? My son – where is he? l want him. Where is he? Tell me. How did my son die? What do the women say? Where is Khal Drogo? Show him to me. Show me what l bought with my son's life. l want to see him now. The khalasar is gone. Drogo! My sun and stars. Why is he out here alone? This is not life. When will he be as he was? Leave us. l have nothing more to fear from this woman. Go. You knew what l was buying and you knew the price. This is not Godo s work. My child was innocent. l spoke for you. l saved you. Your life. Do you remember our first ride, my sun and stars? lf you are in there, if you haven't gone away, show me. You're a fighter. You've always been a fighter. l need you to fight now. l know you're very far away, but come back to me, my sun and stars. When the sun rises in the west and sets in the east. Then you shall return to me, my sun and stars. They were not given to me to sell. l must. You don't understand. ls that what you fear? You will be my khalasar. l see the faces of slaves. l free you. Take off your collars. Go if you wish, no one will stop you. But if you stay it will be as brothers and sisters, as husbands and wives. Ser Jorah, bind this woman to the pyre. You swore to obey me. I will. But it is not your screams I want. Only your life. He said they ate meat. My brother didn't know anything about dragons. He didn't know anything about anything. She was Drogo's first gift to me. I promised to protect them. Promised them their enemies would die screaming. How do I make starvation scream? Does it ever end? And you're sure there's no other way? No one will take my dragons. As you are mine. Rakharo, Aggo, Kovarro. Take our remaining horses. You will ride east, you southeast, and you northeast. Cities, living or dead. Caravans and people. Rivers or lakes or the great salt sea. Find how far the Red Waste extends before us, and what lies on the other side. Rokharo, you are my last hope, blood of my blood. You never have. Does it ever end? Rakharo, Aggo, Kovarro.. Take our remaining horses. Find out how far the Red Waste extends before us, and what lies on the other side. He is blood of my blood. Who did this? They will like it far less when I'm done with them. Shh. They cannot kill his soul. Shh. We will build him a funeral pyre. And I promise you, Rakharo will ride with his ancestors tonight. This isn't your horse. Qarth? Will they let us in? What do you know of this place? I thought we were welcome. Horde? My name is Daenerys- You know me, my lord? And what should I call you? The beauty of Quarth is legendary- Qarth. My friend, we have traveled very far. We have no food, no water. Once I see my people fed, I would be honored I am not a liar. Where I come from, guests are treated with respect, not insulted at the gates. What are you doing? You promised to receive me. If you do not let us in, all of us will die. Thirteen! When my dragons are grown, we will take back what was stolen from me and destroy those who have wronged me. We will lay waste to armies and burn cities to the ground. Turn us away and we will burn you first. Dracarys. Dracarys. He'll be able to feed himself from now on. Let him sleep, Doreah. He loves you. Thank you, my friend. The last time a rich man gave me a dress, he was selling me to Khal Drogo. Xaro is our host, but we know nothing about him. Men like to talk about other men when they're happy. It sounds wonderful. Please excuse me for a moment. What are they doing? We are his guests! You can't pry it or chop it or melt it. Not even when we leave. Our host saved us from the Red Waste and you want to steal from him? I will hear no more. My brother used to say the only thing the Dothraki knew how to do was steal things better men have built. That's not the kind of queen I'm going to be. What is the House of the Undying? He's not my manservant and he's not in love with me. He's my advisor and he's my friend. And what about what a woman wants? To cross the Narrow Sea and take back the Iron Throne. Because I promised my khalasar I'd protect them and find them a safe home. I want them because they're mine by right. The Iron Throne is mine and I will take it. And how did you get all of this? Did someone give it to you? So you wanted more than you had and you took it. You're a conqueror, too. You're just less ambitious. What do you want, Xaro Xhoan Daxos? At the gates of the city, you bled for me. Why? And behind the door? And it can all be mine? All I have to do? That was a romantic proposal. The Seven Kingdoms are at war with one another. Four false kings destroying the country. The usurper is dead. The Starks fight the Lannisters, and Baratheons fight each other. The time to strike is now. We need to find ships and an army or we'll spend the rest of our lives rotting away at the edge of the world. And if I'd listened to that advice outside the gates of Qarth, we'd all be dead by now. Do not speak to me like I'm a child. What do you want? Tell me. Why? So what would you have me do, as my advisor? And how do I get the ship? I look forward to meeting him. He shouldn't make me wait. I already have a husband. And you are far too smart to think that I will succumb to flattery. Thank you, my lord. You are a gracious host, but there is no servant alive that can bring me what I want. My birthright. The Seven Kingdoms of Westeros. I'm not asking you for the kingdoms. I'm asking you for ships. Whatever you grant me now will be repaid three times over when I retake the Iron Throne. My father sat there, before he was murdered. I didn't come here to argue grammar. Not yet. There are many there that support my claim. I left when I was a baby. The people will rise to fight for their rightful queen when I return. Do you know lllyrio Mopatis, Magister of Pentos? Yes, we've met. For my wedding, he gave me three petrified dragon eggs. He believed The world believed that the ages had turned them to stone. How many centuries has it been since dragons roamed the skies? But I dreamt that if I carried those eggs into a great fire, they would hatch. When I stepped into the fire, my own people thought I was mad. But when the fire burned out, I was unhurt, the Mother of Dragons. Do you understand? I'm no ordinary woman. My dreams come true. I am not your little princess. I am Daenerys Stormborn of the blood of Old Valyria, and I will take what is mine. With fire and blood, I will take it. The Spice King refuses me because I'm a bad investment. The Silk King won't support me because of his business with the Lannisters. Why offend his best customer? And the Copper King offers me a single ship on the condition that I lie with him for a night. Does he think I will whore myself for a boat? Where are they? Where are my dragons? You are one of the Thirteen. Nothing? They're more valuable than anything in the world. There is no we, so why would you help me get them back? But it did happen under your roof. I don't care where you've been. You came back. Irri is dead. She's dead. She died alone. She died for me and I couldn't protect her. We can't find her. She must be dead, too. I led my people out of the Red Waste and into the slaughterhouse. You went to find me a ship. These people"? And who is to be trusted? Who are my people? The Targaryens? I only knew one, my brother, and he would have let a thousand men rape me if it had got him the crown. The Dothraki? Most of them turned on me the day that Khal Drogo fell from his horse. The people in Westeros don't know I'm alive. And then what? They'll pray for my return? They'll wave dragon banners and shout my name? That's what my brother believed and he was a fool. There it is. "Trust me. " And it's you I should trust, Ser Jorah? Only you? I don't need trust any longer. I don't want it and I don't have room for it. And you are too familiar. Find my dragons. Please, they're my children. I'm begging you. Without me, the dragons will die. How? You have my dragons? But there is no King of Qarth. Astapor? They have my dragons. A mother does not flee without her children. You should sail to Astapor. I'm sure you'll be safe there. Then serve me. If my dragons are in the House of the Undying, then take me there. And what of my magic? You saw me step into the fire. You watched the witch burn. What did the flames do to me? Do you remember? They are my children. And they are the only children I will ever have. Take me to them. Let them try. Is this a riddle? Are you trying to frighten me with magic tricks? You want me? Here I am. Are you afraid of a little girl? This is dark magic, like the magic that took you from me. Took you from me before I could even Maybe I am dead and I just don't know it yet. Maybe I am with you in the Night Lands. That sounds like something you would do. Until the sun rises in the west and sets in the east, until the rivers run dry and the mountains blow in the wind like leaves. This is not my home. My home is across the sea, where my people are waiting for me. Dracarys. Come. Nothing. Thank you, Xaro Xhoan Daxos. Thank you for teaching me this lesson. Looks real enough to me. Real enough to buy a ship? Not fast enough. I can't wait that long. I need an army The greatest slave-soldiers in the world. The distinction means a good deal to some people. It's too beautiful a day to argue. Don't mock them. They're the first Dothraki who have ever been on a ship. They followed me across the poison water. If they'll do it, others will. And with a true khalasar ... They may suit my needs. Tell me of their training. Tell the good master there is no need. You take a babe from its mother's arms, kill it as she watches, and pay for her pain with a silver coin? How many do you have to sell? Eight thousand dead babies. Once I own them, these men... Once I own an army of slaves, what will I be? The warlocks. I owe you my life, Ser. You know this man? To whom? Give me your water. Here, drink. The blood of my enemies, not the blood of innocents. Do you disagree, Ser Barristan? Did you know him well, Ser Barristan? I wish I had known him. But he was not the last dragon. They did not. I want to buy them all. Yes. eight thousand. And the ones still in training as well. I will have them all or take none. Many will fall in battle. I'll need the boys to pick up the swords they drop. I have dragons. I'll give you one. One. Done. I'll take you as well, now. You'll be Master Kraznys' gift to me. A token of a bargain well struck. You're both here to advise me. I value your advice, but if you ever question me in front of strangers again, you'll be advising someone else. Is that understood? Do you have a name? Do you have a family? A mother and a father you'd return to if you had the choice? You belong to me now. It is your duty to tell me the truth. I offered water to one of the slaves dying on the Walk of Punishment. Do you know what he said to me? 'Let me die.' Is it true what Master Kraznys told me about the Unsullied? About their obedience? And what about you? You know that I'm taking you to war. You may go hungry. You may fall sick. You may be killed. Yes, all men must die. But we are not men. Is it done, then? They belong to me? Unsullied! Forward march! Halt! A dragon is not a slave. I am Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, of the blood of Old Valyria. Valyrian is my mother tongue. Unsullied! Slay the masters, slay the soldiers, slay every man who holds a whip, but harm no child. Strike the chains off every slave you see! Dracarys. Unsullied! You have been slaves all your life. Today you are free. Any man who wishes to leave may leave, and no one will harm him. I give you my word. Will you fight for me? As free men? These are the ones? You did not choose this life. But you are free men now. And free men make their own choices. Have you selected your own leader from amongst your ranks? Remove your helmet What is your name? Grey Worm. From this day forward you will choose your own names. You will tell your fellow soldiers to do the same. Throw away your slave name. Choose the name your parents gave you, or any other. A name that gives you pride. I don't want half my army killed before I've crossed the Narrow Sea. How many slaves are there in Yunkai? Then we have Two hundred thousand reasons to take the city. Send a man to the city gates. Tell the slavers I will receive them here, and accept their surrender. Otherwise, Yunkai will suffer the same fate as Astapor. You may approach. Sit. Good. My Unsullied need practice. I was told to blood them early. My ship? And what do you ask in return? I have a gift for you as well. Your life. And the lives of your wise masters. But I also want something in return. You will release every slave in Yunkai. Every man, woman, and child shall be given as much food, clothing, and property as they can carry as payment for their years of servitude. Reject this gift, and I shall show you no mercy. I did, but my dragons made no promises. And you threatened their mother. My gold. You gave it to me, remember? And I shall put it to good use. You'd be wise to do the same with my gift to you. Now get out. And what happens to things that don't bend? He said he had powerful friends. Who was he talking about? Find out. You know these men? Is he more titan or bastard? How many? Enough to make a difference? It's hard to collect wages from a corpse. I'm sure the sellswords prefer to fight for the winning side. I'd like to talk to the Titan's Bastard about winning. He will. A man who fights for gold can't afford to lose to a girl. We have no slaves here. Give me your Second Sons and I may not have you gelded. Ser Barristan, how many men fight for the Second Sons? We have more, don't we? I'm only a young girl, new to the ways of war, but perhaps a seasoned captain like yourself can explain to me how you propose to defeat us. You're very young to be a captain. Even if your numbers are right, you must admit the odds don't favor your side. Or you could fight for me. I would pay you as much and more. Ride with me and you'll never need another contract. You'll have gold and castles and lordships of your choosing when I take back the Seven Kingdoms. A fortnight ago, I had no army. A year ago, I had no dragons. You have two days to decide. These men are our guests. You seem to be enjoying my wine. Perhaps you'd like a flagon to help you ponder. A barrel, then. Ser Barristan, if it comes to battle, kill that one first. Ninteen How can anyone speak nineteen languages? Yes, well, it was either learn Dothraki or grunt at my husband and hope- what do you mean reasonably well? Drogo said I spoke Dothroaki like one born to it. It gave him great pride. Athjahaka. Athjahakar. Well, I suppose I'm a bit out of practice. What do you want? Let her go. You were sent here to kill me? So why haven't you? What do your captains have to say about that? Why? Over what? You're a strange man. And this is supposed to impress me? Why would I trust a man who murders his comrades? Will you fight for me? Swear to me. Where? Lo jention mirre nūmāzme ēza, iderenna qopsa verdagon issa. You leave tonight. We've been waiting a long time. Haven't we? Well I don't know, you tell me. How long does it take to sack a city? And Daario Naharis? Perhaps they didn't want to be conquered. People learn to love their chains. No. You do not owe me your freedom. I cannot give it to you. Your freedom is not mine to give. It belongs to you and you alone. If you want it back, you must take it for yourselves. Each and every one of you. What does it mean? It's all right. These people won't hurt me. Fly. Let me pass Ser Barristan. Where's Daario Naharis? Where's Grey Worm? Gambling? How long have they been at it? What's the prize to winning this stupid contest? That honor goes to Ser Jorah and Ser Barristan as neither of them kept me waiting this morning. You two will ride in the rear guard and protect the livestock. The last man holding his sword can find a new queen to fight for. Have you ever been to Meereen? And? And now an army of former slaves is marching to her gates. You think the Great Masters are worried? You were told to ride at the back of the train. All right, what is this matter of strategy? Would you like to walk at the back of the train instead of riding? Would you like to walk without shoes? You are a gambler, aren't you? How many miles are there between here and Meereen? You will do no such thing. I will see each and every one of their faces. Remove her collar before you bury her. Are they attacking? What is he doing? I have something to say to the people of Meereen. First, I will need this one to be quiet. Do I have a champion? You are the commander of the Unsullied. I cannot risk you. Which is why you must remain by my side. You are my most trusted advisor, my most valued general, and my dearest friend. I will not gamble with your life. Very well. You have quite an audience. Make it worth their while. Yes, win or lose, as long as the whole city is watching. You sure you don't want a horse? Horses are faster than men. I am Daenerys Stormborn. Your Masters may have told you lies about me, or they may have told you nothing. It does not matter. I have nothing to say to them. Only to you. First I went to Astapor. Those who were slaves in Astapor now stand behind me, free. Next I went to Yunkai. Those who were slaves in Yunkai now stand behind me, free. Now I have come to Meereen. I am not your enemy. Your enemy is beside you. Your enemy steals and murders your children. Your enemy has nothing for you but chains and suffering and commands. I do not bring commands. I bring you a choice. And I bring your enemies what they deserve. Forward! Fire! How are the lessons coming? You'll have to continue later. It's time. Remind me, Ser Jorah, how many children did the Great Masters nail to mileposts? Yes, that was it. I will answer injustice with justice. Who told you to take the Navy? So why did you do it? How many ships? How many men can they carry? Would that be enough to take King's Landing? Please leave me. Not you, Jorah. It appears my liberation of Slaver's Bay isn't going quite as planned. You counseled me against rashness once in Qarth. I didn't listen. That all worked out well. How can I rule seven kingdoms if I can't control Slaver's Bay? Why should anyone trust me? Why should anyone follow me? I need to be more than that. I will not let those I have freed slide back into chains. I will not sail for Westeros. I will do what queens do. I will rule. You stand before Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, the First of Her Name, Queen of Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons. Don't be afraid, my friend. I thank him for his prayers. Tell this man I am sorry for his hardship. I cannot bring back his goats, but I will see he is paid their value three times over. Send the next one in. The noble Hizdahr zo Loraq can speak to me himself. I thank you. Then it is my honor to receive you. For that, he has my gratitude. I should be honored to meet him. Your father crucified innocent children. I am sorry you no longer have a father, but my treatment of the masters was no crime. You'd be wise to remember that. And what traditions do you speak of? And what of the slave children these noble Meereenese crucified? They were rotting in the sun as well. Would you have begged me for their right to a proper burial? Bury your father, Hizdahr zo Loraq. How many more? 212? How did you get in here? Your door is well guarded, Don't do that again. These are my private quarters. If I want you here, I will summon you. Tell me why you're here. I've ordered the Second Sons to patrol the streets to stop the revenge killing. And as for women, there are thousands in Meereen you can pursue. You swore me your sword. So if I command you to stay in Meereen and patrol the streets? Very well. Do what you do best. Take off your clothes. You're here early. You don't approve? You neither approve nor trust. Didn't you fight for the Golden Company before pledging your sword to my brother? I trust you. I could never have faith in a man like Daario. That's why I've sent him and the Second Sons to retake Yunkai. I have. That is why I've ordered Daario to execute every master in Yunkai. The masters tear babies from their mothers' arms. They mutilate little boys by the thousands. They train little girls in the art of pleasuring old men. They treat men like beasts, as you said yourself. And repay the slavers with what? Kindness? A fine? A stern warning? Let the priests argue over good and evil. Slavery is real. I can end it. I will end it. And I will end those behind it. And now you are helping me show them to freedom. The man who came to me the other day about burying his father. He will accompany the Second Sons and serve as my ambassador to Yunkai. He will tell the masters what has happened in Meereen. He will explain the choice they have before them. They can live in my new world or they can die in their old one. Well, go and catch Daario before he leaves. Tell him I changed my mind. No. Tell him you changed my mind. You think he was spying on you? The Dothraki think outsiders are ridiculous taking shame in the naked body. They make love under the stars for the whole Khalasar to see. But you are not Dothraki. Well, I don't see why it matters. Grey worm isn't interested, none of the unsullied care what's under our clothes. What? When the slavers castrate the boys, do they take all of it? The...the pillar an the stones. Haven't you ever wondered? Why did the usurper pardon you? No, speak to me here. Explain it to me. The pardon was signed the year we met. Why were you pardoned? Unless you're saying this document was forged. Why, then? What was the content of these letters? What information? You told him I was carrying Drogo's child? Yes or no? Don't call me that. Did you tell him I was carrying Drogo's child? That wine merchant tried to poison me because of your information. Because you knew it was poisoned. You betrayed me from the first. You sold my secrets to the man who killed my father and stole my brother's throne... and you want me to forgive you? Love? Love? How can you say that to me? Any other man, and I would have you executed. But you, I do not want you in my city dead or alive. Go back to your masters in King's Landing. Collect your pardon if you can. Don't ever presume to touch me again or speak my name. You have until dusk to collect your things and leave this city. If you're found in Meereen past break of day, I'll have your head thrown into Slaver's Bay. Go. Now. You speak it very well. I hope I can prove worthy of her admiration. What can I do for you? I have outfitted mess halls to feed all former slaves and barracks to shelter them. My Unsullied will make them safe again in short order my friend, this I promise you. What is it that you want from me? You want to return to a man who owned you, like a goat or a chair? I did not take this city to preside over the injustice I fought to destroy. I took it to bring people freedom. But freedom means making your own choices. I will allow you to sign a contract with your former master. It may not cover a period lasting longer than a year. Approach my friend. What was her name? How old was she? Three. *in Valyrian* And still no word on Drogon? in Valyrian* Meet me in the catacombs. Sons of the Harpy? They've never killed before. I didn't conquer them. Their own people did. Then they will have to learn to see things differently, Mossador. He did not risk his life fighting for freedom so cowards in masks could take it away. And I did not take up residence in this pyramid so I could watch the city below decline into chaos. What was the name of the man you lost? I want him buried with honor. Publicly. In the Temple of the Graces. Angry snakes lash out. Makes chopping off their heads that much easier. Find the men who did this and bring them to me. Good. Concessions? I'm not a politician. I'm a queen. I don't expect the Wise Masters to be happy. Slavery made them rich, I ended slavery. The fighting pits? Where slaves fought slaves to the death? No fighting pits. I do not respect the tradition of human cockfighting. How many times must I say no before you understand? Whatever he wants from me he's not going to get it. If he really believes I'm going to reopen the fighting pits… What? Why? You were sold into slavery, forced to fight to the death for the amusement of the masters, and you're defending the fighting pits? That's why I have the Unsullied patrolling the streets. I don't want another childo s bones dropped at my feet. No one's seen Drogon in weeks. For all I know he's flown halfway across the world. I can't control them anymore. Viserion? Rhaegal? Easy. Easy. Easy. It would send a message. Why? Perhaps the only thing that gave him pride was knowing that there was someone lower than he was. Thank you all for your counsel. About what? The Mad King? You're here to remind me of my enemies' lies? Consider me reminded. Go on. I'm not my father. I will not have the Son of the Harpy executed without a fair trial. He was our prisoner, awaiting trial. You had no right. There are no more slaves. There are no more Masters. The Harpy's life was not yours to take. Once, the Masters were the law-- The law is the law. Take him. You opened your gates to me because I promised you freedom and justice. One cannot exist without the other. A citizen of Meereen was awaiting trial and this man murdered him. The punishment is death. Leave me. Drogon... Everyone looks happy enough from up here. . What? Why? He sang to them? And what did you do? He was good? He told me Rhaegar was good at killing people. . And what did you do with the money? How many others are there? Will you be joining us, Ser Barristan? I think I can protect me from Hizdahr Zo Loraq. Go, Ser Barristan. Sing a song for me. Is that what you used to tell men before you set them to butchering each other for sport? I do not recognize this tradition. Barristan the Bold" they called him. He crossed a continent to serve me. He was a loyal friend. And he died in an alley, butchered by cowards who hide behind masks. I prefer your earlier suggestion. Round up the leaders of each of Meereen's great families and bring them to me. Walk forward. Another step. They will eat you, if I tell them to. They may eat you even if I don't. Children. Some say I should give up on them. . But a good mother never gives up on her children. She disciplines them if she must. But she does not give up on them. Who is innocent? Maybe all of you are, , maybe none of you are. Maybe, , I should let the dragons decide. Don't want to overfeed them. Tomorrow perhaps. If I give everyone what they deserve, I'll have no one left to rule. Ser Barristan counseled mercy when I took this city right up to the morning he died. Daario Naharis thinks I should kill the former Masters and let the rest of the city fend for itself. What do you think? You are as fit as anyone I know. You know why I'm here. And you know who will suffer the most if this all falls apart. So what do you think? What about "Valar Morghulis"? It takes courage to admit fear. And to admit a mistake. I came here to tell you that I was wrong. I was wrong and you were right. About tradition. About bringing the people of this city together. I will reopen the fighting pits. To free men only. Slavery will never return to Meereen, not while I live. And in order to forge a lasting bond with the Meereenese people, I will marry the leader of an ancient family. . Thankfully a suitor is already on his knees. Don't be ridiculous. My marriage to Hizdahr is political. I think he's smart enough to understand that. Are you jealous? I do. You told me yourself, I can't fight enemies within and without. So when enemies from without come knocking, I need the city of Mereen behind me. I have no choice. So what else can I do? Even if I wanted to do such an inadviseable thing, I couldn't. No. I can't Of course I am a queen. Not a butcher. Sitting through the great games will be bad enough. I think I've seen enough. I've sacrificed more than enough for your traditions. Get him out of my sight. Who are you? You will not speak. How do I know you are who you say you are? If you are Tyrion Lannister why shouldn't I kill you? To pay your family back for what it did to mine So I should welcome you into my service because you murdered members of your own family? If you'd rather return to the fighting pits just say the word. And why are you worth meeting? Why should I spend my time listening to you? I have a very large army and very large dragons. So you want to advise me. Very well. What would you have me do with him? I swore I would kill him if he ever returned. Why should the people trust a queen who can't keep her promises? Yes, many opportunities. No. Not until forced to do so. So I should kill him? Remove Ser Jorah from the city. So have you decided yet? Whether I'm worthy of your service? It's probably my safest option. And what would your father do? Is that why you killed him? I know what my father was. What he did. I know the Mad King earned his name. I'm terrible? Why did you travel to the other side of the world to meet someone terrible? Which kind is that? I did reopen the fighting pits. Under my rule murder will once again become entertainment. Perhaps it won't come to that. Varys? King Robert's spy master? Jorah sent my secrets to Varys. For 20 years the spider oversaw the campaign to find and kill me. But you trust him? The brother who killed my father. Perhaps I will have you killed after all. I'm not going to kill you. No. You're going to advise me. While you can still speak in complete sentences. How to get what I want. If I want jokes I'll get myself a proper fool. I fought so that no child born into Slaver's Bay would ever know what it was like to be bought or sold. I will continue that fight here and beyond. But this is not my home. The common people. Lannister, Targaryen, Baratheon, Stark, Tyrell. They're all just spokes on a wheel. This one's on top, then that ones on top and on and on it spins, crushing the people on the ground. I'm not going to stop the wheel. I'm going to break the wheel. Where have you been? I'm not putting my money anywhere. Has your experience ever involved any actual fighting? You, yourself, have you ever tried to kill a man that was trying to kill you? That is greatness? One day your great city will return to the dirt as well. If need be. If it comes to that they would have died for a good reason. Someone else's reason. Drogon! Valahd.. We have to go home. My poor, sweet thing. Does it hurt? We have to go home. Drogon? Can you take me back to Meereen? How far did you carry me? Drogon, we need to return. My people need me. Well, there's no food. At the very least you can hunt us some supper. Do not touch me I am Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, the First of Her Name, the Unburnt, Queen of Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the Rhoynar of the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons I will not lie with you And I will bear no children, for you, or anyone else Not until the sun rises in the west, and sets in the east. I was wife of Khal Drogo, son of Khal Bharbo I know I burnt his body If you will escort me back to Meereen, I will see that your khalasar is given a thousand horses, as a sign of my gratitude What are you doing?! Take your hands off me! I will have your heads! You have made a mistake One you will regret I am the wife of the Great Khal Because I am Daenerys Stormborn, the Breaker of Chains, the Queen of Meereen and the Mother of Dragons My place is not here with you Where else would I go? Every khaleesi becomes Dosh Khaleen That is more than most have I need to make water I will never run from Dothraki I needed fresh air The old women stink You must have been very young when your Khal died Too bad he didn't die sooner Mm-hmm They do Would you like to see them one day? No, don't hurt her We will never get out of Vaes Dothrak alive No We can do more than that And you're going to help me And you...Have faith in me, Khaleesi Do not betray me enters, ushered by the Lhazareen woman and the leader of the Dosh Khaleen. The khals bow their heads. Don't you want to know what I think? No. I don't want either of those things. I know where I am. I have been here before. This is where the Dosh Khaleen pronounced my child the Stallion Who Mounts the World. This is where Drogo promised to take his khalasar west to where the world ends. To ride wooden horses across the Black Salt Sea as no khal has done before. He promised to kill the men in their iron suits and tear down their stone houses. He swore to me before the Mother of Mountains. And here, now, what great matters do the Great Khals discuss? Which little villages you'll raid, how many girls you'll get to fuck, how many horses you'll demand in tribute. You are small men. None of you are fit to lead the Dothraki. But I am. So I will. lays her hand on a fire pit. You're not going to serve. You're going to die. knocks down all the fire pits one by one. The khals cower away from the flame. The flame begins to cover the entire temple. The khals run to the door and try to escape, but the door has been barred. JORAH and DAARIO watch the temple burning from the outside. The Dothraki people gather around the burning temple. DAENERYS grabs the final fire pit and knocks it in KHAL MORO's direction. The fire engulfs the entire temple and kills all the khals. DAENERYS walks out of the fire, unharmed and naked. All the Dothraki bow to DAENERYS. JORAH and DAARIO walk up to the steps burning temple. JORAH bows to DAENERYS. DAARIO stares at her and then bows. I banished you twice. You came back twice. And you saved my life. So I can't take you back and I can't send you away. Is there a cure? How long does it take? I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Do not walk away from your queen, Jorah the Andal. You have not been dismissed. You pledged yourself to me. You swore to obey my commands for the rest of your life. Well, I command you to find the cure wherever it is in this world. I command you to heal yourself and then return to me. When I take the Seven Kingdoms, I need you by my side. How many days' ride to Meereen? How many ships will I need to bring my khalasar to Westeros? And who has that many? Nobody yet. I take what is mine. What was I made for? Wait here. Every khal who ever lived chose three blood riders to fight beside him and guard his way. But I am not a khal. I will not choose three blood riders. I choose you all. I will ask more of you than any khal has ever asked of his khalassar! Will you ride the wooden horses across the black salt sea? Will you kill my enemies in their iron suits and tear down their stone houses? Will you give me the Seven Kingdoms, the gift Khal Drogo promised me before the Mother of Mountains? Are you with me? Now and always? The city is on the rise? Good. Shall we begin? I will crucify the Masters. I will set their fleets afire, kill every last one of their soldiers, and return their cities to the dirt. That is my plan. You don't approve? This is entirely different. We obviously didn't communicate clearly. We're here to discuss your surrender, not mine. My reign has just begun. Dracarys. You've brought us 100 ships from the Iron Fleet with men to sail them. In return, I expect you want me to support your claim to the throne of the Iron Islands? And what's wrong with you? Has the Iron Islands ever had a queen before? Lord Tyrion tells me your father was a terrible king. We do. And both murdered by a usurper as well. Will their ships be enough? So why shouldn't I wait for him? And I imagine your offer is free of any marriage demands? And you don't want the Seven Kingdoms? And that's all? Reasonable. She's not demanding, she's asking. The others are free to ask as well. Our father were evil men, all of us here. They left the world worse than they found it. We're not going to do that. We're going to leave the world better than we found it. You will support my claim as queen of the Seven Kingdoms and respect the integrity of the Seven Kingdoms. No more reaving, roving, raiding, or raping. No more. You're not coming with us. You're not going to Westeros. You're staying here with the Second Sons. There's finally peace in Meereen. You will keep the peace while the people choose their own leaders. You promised me. “My sword is yours. My life is yours.” This is what I command. If I'm going to rule in Westeros, I'll need to make alliances. The best way to make alliances is with marriage. I don't know. Maybe no one. I can't bring a lover to Westeros. So that's what you want? To be my mistress? I can't. No one tells me to do anything. Don't get angry. A great number of women, I imagine. Specific orders will be left for you regarding the welfare of Meereen and the Bay of Dragons. We can't call it Slaver's Bay anymore, can we? Farewell, Daario Naharis. No tears. It's not. Yes, you really are. Do you know what frightens me? I said farewell to a man who loves me. A man I thought I cared for. And I felt nothing. Just impatient to get on with it. Well, you have completely failed to console me. It's your counsel I need. Good. I, um… I had something made for you. I'm not sure if it's right. Tyrion Lannister, I name you Hand of the Queen. Shall we begin? I wish I could remember it. I always thought this would be a homecoming. It doesn't feel like home. Good. Not so many lions. They cry out for their true queen? They drink secret toasts to my health? People used to tell my brother that sort of thing, and he was stupid enough to believe them. If Viserys had three dragons and an army at his back, he'd have invaded King's Landing already. No. I never properly thanked you for that. You served my father, didn't you, Lord Varys? And then you served the man who overthrew him? But you didn't serve him long. You turned against him. So you took it upon yourself to find a better one. Before I came to power, you favored my brother. All your spies, your little birds, did they tell you Viserys was cruel, stupid, and weak? Would those qualities have made for a good king in your learned opinion? So you and your friends traded me like a prized horse to the Dothraki. Who gave the order to kill me? Who hired the assassins? Who sent word to Essos to murder Daenerys Targaryen? To keep yourself alive. Proven himself loyal? Quite the opposite. If he dislikes one monarch, he conspires to crown the next one. What king of a servant is that? Swear this to me, Varys. If you ever think I'm failing the people, you won't conspire behind my back. You'll look me in the eye as you have done today, and you'll tell me how I'm failing them. And I swear this--if you ever betray me, I'll burn you alive. The Red Priests helped bring peace to Meereen. You are very welcome here. What is your name? You chose an auspicious day to arrive at Dragonstone. We've just decided to pardon those who served the wrong king. The Lord of Light doesn't have many followers in Westeros, does he? What does your Lord expect from me? The prince who was promised will bring the dawn. I'm afraid I'm not a prince. No, but I like it better. And you believe this prophecy refers to me? You know him? He sounds like quite a man. Very well. Send a raven north. Tell Jon Snow that his Queen invites him to come to Drangonstone...and bend the knee. That's enough. Tyrion is the Hand of the Queen. You will treat him with respect. I am not here to be queen of the ashes. I'm grateful to you, Lady Olenna, for your council. I'm grateful to all of you. But you have chosen to follow me. I will not attack King's Landing. We will not attack King's Landing. We will lay siege to the capital surrounding the city on all sides. Cersei will have the Iron Throne but no food for her army or the people. Do I have your support? Thank you all. Lady Olenna, may I speak with you alone? I realize you're here out of hatred for Cersei and not love for me. But I swear to you she will pay for what she's done and we will bring peace back to Westeros. Thank you for traveling so far, My Lords. I hope the seas weren't too rough. Forgive me -- Forgive me, Ser Davos. I never did receive a formal education, but I could have sworn the last King in the North was Torren Stark who bent the knee to my ancestor Aegon Targaryen in exchange for his life and the lives of the northmen. Torren Stark swore fealty to House Targaryen in perpetuity. But do I have my facts wrong? No. Of course not. But still, an oath is an oath. In perpetuity means -- what does perpetuity mean, Lord Tyrion? Forever. So I assume, My Lord, that you're here to bend the knee. Oh. Well, that is unfortunate. You've travelled all this way to break faith with House Targaryen? My father was an evil man. On behalf of House Targaryen I ask your forgiveness for the crimes he committed against your family. And I ask you not to judge a daughter by the sins of her father. Our two houses were allies for centuries. Those were the best centuries the kingdom's ever known. Centuries of peace and prosperity with the Targaryens sitting on the Iron Throne and a Stark serving as Warden of the North. I am the last Targaryen, Jon Snow. Honor the pledge your ancestor made to mine. Bend the knee and I will name you Warden of the North. Together we will save this country from those who would destroy it. Then why are you here? Did you see three dragons flying overhead when you arrived? And did you see the Dothraki, all of whom have sworn to kill for me? But still, I need your help? Still, that doesn't explain why I need your help. You told me you liked this man. In the time since he's met me he's refused to call me queen, he's refused to bow and now he's calling me a child. As far as I can see, you are the enemy to the north. The dead? Is that another figure of speech? I was born at Dragonstone. Not that I can remember it. We fled before Robert's assassins could find us. Robert was your father's best friend, no? I wonder if your father knew his best friend sent assassins to murder a baby girl in her crib. Not that it matters now of course. I spent my life in foreign lands. So many men have tried to kill me. I don't remember all of their names. I have been sold like a brood mare. I have been chained and betrayed, raped and defiled. Do you know what kept me standing through all those years in exile? Faith. Not in any gods. Not in myths and legends. In myself. In Daenerys Targaryen. The world hadn't seen a dragon in centuries until my children were born. The Dothraki hadn't crossed the sea. Any sea. They did for me. I was born to rule the Seven Kingdoms. And I will. That's fair. It's also fair to point out that I'm the rightful queen of the Seven Kingdoms. By declaring yourself king of the northern most kingdom, you are in open rebellion. You must forgive my manners. You will both be tired after your long journey. We'll have baths drawn for you and supper sent to your rooms. Not yet. And? All of them? Dragonglass? Why are we talking about glass? We just lost two of our allies. And what does the King in the North want with Dragonglass? And what do you think of this Army of the Dead and White Walkers and Night Kings? Which wise man said this? Are you trying to present your own statements as ancient wisdom? What was that Ser Davos said about taking a knife in the heart for his people? Did you notice that? I named them for my brothers Vicerys and Rhaegon. They're both gone now. You lost two brothers as well? People thought dragons were gone forever but here they are. Perhaps we should all be examining what we think we know. He is my Hand. We all enjoy what we're good at. You know I'm not going to let Cersei stay on the Iron Throne. And I haven't changed my mind about which kingdoms belong to the throne. I will allow you to mine the Dragonglass and forge weapons from it. Any resources or men you need I will provide for you. You better get to work, Jon Snow. We need to find Euron Greyjoy's fleet and sink it. I'm not talking about sending our ships after him. I wouldn't be alone. I'd have Drogon, Vicerion and Rhaegal. What can anyone do to them? What about Casterly Rock? and MISSANDEI are walking along a path outside of Dragonstone followed by members of the Queensguard. Soon. They will come back to me. stops and turns to look at MISSANDEI. She then continues walking. What happened? Many things? looks at MISSANDEI then her Queensguard. She speaks in Valyrian and motions to her guard to stand down. It's all right. descends the stairs with MISSANDEI and they begin walking with JON. They walk along the beach until they reach a cave. DAVOS is waiting for them with a lit torch. is looking up at the walls of Dragonglass. When? They were right here standing where we're standing before there were Targaryens or Starks or Lannisters. Maybe even before there were men. stops looking at the walls and turns to look at JON. JON walks to another wall and begins to examine the murals. The murals depict Children of the Forest and the First Men standing together. Doing what? Fighting each other? They fought together against their common enemy. Despite their differences, despite their suspicions, together. We need to do the same if we're going to survive. turns to look at JON. And you say you can't defeat them without my armies and my dragons? steps forward closer to JON. I will fight for you. I will fight for the north...when you bend the knee. steps even closer to JON until they're face to face. They will if their king does. They chose you to lead them. They chose you to protect them. Isn't their survival more important than your pride? What is it? That's very good to hear. Isn't it? You will stay. All my allies are gone. They've been taken from me while I've been sitting here on this island. Who won't be able to eat because Cersei has taken all the food from the Reach. stops walking, turns and speaks harshly to Tyrion. The right plan? Your strategy has lost us Dorne, the Iron Islands and the Reach. Our enemies? Your family, you mean. Perhaps you don't want to hurt them after all. begins looking out to the ocean. Three dragons are flying in the sky over the water. Enough with the clever plans. turns back and looks at TYRION. I have three large dragons. I'm going to fly them to the Red Keep. My enemies are in the Red Keep. What kind of a queen am I if I'm not willing to risk my life to fight them? looks over to JON SNOW. What do you think I should do? I'm at war. I'm losing. begins walking close to JON. looks back out to her dragons flying along the water. Dracarys! commands DROGON to fire at the crossbow. I know what Cersei has told you, that I've come to destroy your cities -- burn down your homes, murder you and orphan your children. That's Cersei Lannister, not me. I'm not here to murder. And all I want to destroy is the wheel that is rolled over rich and poor to the benefit of no one but the Cersei Lannisters of the world. I offer you a choice. Bend the knee and join me. Together we will leave the world a better place than we found it, or refuse and die. Step forward, My Lord. You will not kneel? You will not trade your honor for your life. I respect that. turns to look at her Dothraki escort. The Dothraki walk forward to collect RANDYLL. As the men are pulling RANDYLL away DICKON steps forward. Who are you? I meant what I said. I'm not here to put men in chains. If that becomes an option many will take it. I gave them a choice. They made it. I'm not beheading anyone. looks to her Dothraki escort and gives a signal. The men grab RANDYLL and DICKON and walk them over to DROGON. RANDYLL takes DICKON by the arm. Lord Randyll Tarley, Dickon Tarley, I, Daenerys of House Targaryen, First of my name, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons, sentence you to die. pauses a moment and looks at RANDYLL and DICKON. Dracarys. They're beautiful, aren't they? They're not beasts to me. No matter how big they get, how terrifying to everyone else, they're my children. turns to look at her three dragons as they fly over Dragonstone in the distance. turns back to JON. No. And I have fewer enemies today than I did yesterday. You're not sure how you feel about that? turns and starts walking towards the castle, JON follows. How many men did your army kill taking Winterfell back from the Boltons? We both want to help people. We can only help them from a position of strength. Sometimes strength is terrible. When you first came here Ser Davos said you took a knife in the heart for your people. So it was a figure of speech? He is my friend. Jon Snow, this is Ser Jorah Mormont, an old friend. You look strong. You found a cure? It would be my honor. steps forward and hugs JORAH. and VARYS are seated at the painted table. TYRION and JORAH stand near the queen. DAVOS and JON SNOW are standing on the other end of the table. JON is holding a raven scroll and reading it. I'm happy for you. You don't look happy. You said you don't have enough men. And give the country to Cersei? As soon as I march away she marches in. I thought that was what we are trying to avoid. And how would you get into King's Landing. Well, it will all be for nothing if we don't have one of these dead men. turns to look at JORAH. I haven't given you permission to leave. pauses for a moment then nods her head in agreement. We should be better at saying farewell by now. reaches forward and takes JORAH by his hands. JON SNOW, DAVOS and GENDRY exit the cave and walk towards the boats. JORAH bends and kisses DAENERY's hand. He turns and continues readying the boat. JON stands in front of DAENERYS. smiles. But I've grown used to him. nods to JON. JON turns and walks to the head of the boat. The men take hold of it. Do you know what I like about you? You're not a hero. walks over to the fire and sits in the chair opposite from TYRION. I don't want you to be a hero. Heroes do stupid things and they die. Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this Jon Snow, they all try to outdo each other of who can do the stupidist, bravest thing. Jon Snow's not in love with me. My apologies. Yes. That's all. Your capital will be safe until the northern threat is dealt with. You have my word. I didn't believe it until I saw them. I saw them all. A hundred thousand, at least. Just the King I'm grateful for your loyalty, but my dragon died so that we could be here. If it's all for nothing, then he died for nothing. I didn't come all this way to have my Hand I know. I respect what you did. Wish you hadn't done it, but I respect it. This place was the beginning of the end for my family. A dragon is not a slave. They were terrifying. Extraordinary. They filled people with wonder and awe, and we locked them in here. They wasted away. They grew small. And we grew small as well. We weren't extraordinary without them. We were just like everyone else. I can't have children. The witch who murdered my husband. You were right from the beginning. If I had trusted you, everything would be different. I can't forget what I saw north of the Wall. And I can't pretend that Cersei won't take back half the country the moment I march north. And the Unsullied? We can sail with them to White Harbor, meet the Dothraki here on the kingsroad, then ride together to Winterfell. I've not come to conquer the North. I'm coming to save the North. We sail together. Thank you for inviting us into your home, Lady Stark. The North is as beautiful as your brother claimed, as are you. Whatever they want. Your sister doesn't like me. She doesn't need to be my friend but I am her queen. If she can't respect me- How many today? The dragons are barely eating. They don't like the North. Go on. Nobody does. Until they ride a dragon. Then I've enjoyed your company, Jon Snow. Whatever you can. We could stay a thousand years- No one would find us. So keep your queen warm. Don't be afraid. So you're the man? The one who saved Ser Jorah when no one else could. I'll have to make some changes in the Citadel when I take my throne. A great service merits a great reward. Well, there must be something I could give you. For what crime? From the Citadel? Not Randyll Tarly? I offered to let him retain his lands and titles if he bent the knee. He refused. Your brother stood with your father. Of course. When I was a child, my brother would tell me a bedtime story about the man who murdered our father. Who stabbed him in the back and cut his throat. Who sat down on the Iron Throne and watched as his blood poured onto the floor. He told me other stories as well. About all the things we would do to that man once we took back the Seven Kingdoms and had him in our grasp. Your sister pledged to send her army north. I don't see an army. I see one man, with one hand. It appears your sister lied to me. We"? Like you knew your sister? Perhaps he trusts his little brother to defend him, right up to the moment he slits my throat. So why have you abandoned your house and family now? What does the Warden of the North say about it? Very well. Either you knew Cersei was lying and let me believe otherwise, or you didn't know at all. Which makes you either a traitor or a fool. Not for the first time. Cersei still sits on the throne. If you can't help me take it back, I'll find another Hand who can. Have you done something to offend me? Long ago and long forgiven. When I named him Hand, I didn't know if I'd ever see you again. I wasn't under the impression you liked him very much. He's made mistakes. Serious mistakes. You're advising me to forgive the man who stole your position? Lady Sansa, I was hoping we could speak alone. I thought you and I were on the verge of agreement before. About Ser Jaime. I wish I could have that kind of faith in my advisors. I didn't ask him to be my Hand simply because he was good. I asked him to be my Hand because he was good, and intelligent, and ruthless when he had to be. He never should have trusted Cersei. I thought he knew his sister. Ours certainly have been. We have other things in common. We've both known what it means to lead people who aren't inclined to accept a woman's rule. And we've both done a damn good job of it, from what I can tell. And yet, I can't help but feel we're at odds with one another. Why is that? Your brother. That bothers you. All my life, I've known one goal I'm here because I love your brother and I trust him, and I know he's true to his word. He's only the second man in my life I can say that about. Someone taller. I take the Iron Throne. What is it? Your sister? But why aren't you with her? Ser Davos is perfectly capable of waving a torch on his own. You'll be in the crypt. There are thousands of them and only one of you. You can't fight as well as they can, but you can think better than any of them. You're here because of your mind. If we survive, I'll need it. Who's that? My brother, Rhaegar, everyone told me he was decent and kind. He liked to sing. Gave money to poor children. And he raped her. That's impossible. Who told you this? He saw it? A secret no one in the world knew except your brother and your best friend. Doesn't seem strange to you? If it were true, it would make you the last male heir of House Targaryen. You'd have a claim to the Iron Throne. The dead are already here. Dracarys. Go! Jorah! Gendry. That's right, isn't it? You're Robert Baratheon's son. You are aware he took my family's throne and tried to have me murdered? Yes, he's dead. His brothers are too. So who's Lord of Storm's End now? Does anyone? I think you should be Lord of Storm's End. No, you are Lord Gendry Baratheon of Storm's End, the lawful son of Robert Baratheon. Because that is what I have made you. See? You're not the only one who's clever. Someone has betrayed me. Jon Snow. He knows the truth about Jon. Because you told him. You learned from Sansa. And she learned from Jon, though I begged him not to tell her. As I said, he betrayed me. And Varys? You spoke to him first. Without coming to me. Without asking my permission. Why do you think Sansa told you? What do you think she hoped to gain? Yes, she trusts you. She trusted you to spread secrets that could destroy your own queen. And you did not let her down. No. It doesn't matter now. Lord Varys. I, Daenerys of House Targaryen, First of My Name, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons ... sentence you to die. Dracarys. This was all she brought with her when we crossed the Narrow Sea. Her only possession. It's all right, Torgo Nudo. Let me speak with him. What did I say would happen if you told your sister? She betrayed your trust. She killed Varys as much as I did. This was a victory for her. Now she knows what happens when people hear the truth about you. Far more people in Westeros love you than love me. I don't have love here. I only have fear. Is that all I am to you? Your queen? All right, then. Let it be fear. In Meereen, the slaves turned on the masters and liberated the city themselves the moment I arrived. They are. In a tyrant's grip. Whose fault is that? Mine? Your sister knows how to use her enemies' weaknesses against them. That's what she thinks our mercy is - weakness. But she's wrong. Mercy is our strength. Our mercy towards future generations who will never again be held hostage by a tyrant. Ready the Unsullied. Tonight you sail for King's Landing, to join the Northern armies. Wait for me outside the city. You'll know when it's time. Your brother was stopped trying to get past our lines. It seems he hasn't abandoned your sister after all. The next time you fail me will be the last time you fail me. Blood of my blood. You kept all your promises to me. You killed my enemies in their iron suits. Your tore down their stone houses. You gave me the Seven Kingdoms. Torgo Nudho. You have walked beside me since the Plaza of Pride. You are the bravest of men, the most loyal of soldiers. I name you commander of all my forces, the Queen's Master of War. Unsullied. All of you were torn from your mother's arms and raised as slaves. Now you are liberators. You have freed the people of King's Landing from the grip of a tyrant! But the war is not over. We will not lay down our spears until we have liberated all the people of the world! From Winterfell to Dorne, from Lannisport to Qarth, from the Summer Isles to the Jade Sea! Women, men and children have suffered too long beneath the wheel. Will you break the wheel with me? You freed your brother. You committed treason. Take him. When I was a girl, my brother told me it was made with a thousand swords from Aegon's fallen enemies. What do a thousand swords look like in the mind of a little girl who can't count to twenty? I imagined a mountain of swords too high to climb. So many fallen enemies, you could only see the soles of Aegon's feet. It was necessary. I tried to make peace with Cersei. She used their innocence as a weapon against me. She thought it would cripple me. He conspired behind my back with my enemies. How have you treated people who've done the same to you, even when it broke your heart? I can't. We can't hide behind small mercies. The world we need won't be built by men loyal to the world we have. And it will be. It's not easy to see something that's never been before. A good world. Because I know what is good. And so do you. You do. You do. You've always known. They don't get to choose. Be with me. Build the new world with me. This is our reason. It has been from the beginning, since you were a little boy with a bastardo s name and I was a little girl who couldn't count to twenty. We do it together. We break the wheel together. 
